The Project Gutenberg eBook, Melville and Co.'s Directory and Gazetteer of
Norwich, Yarmouth, Dereham, Swaffham ... [1856], by F. R. Melville


This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions 
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at 
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.




Title: Melville and Co.'s Directory and Gazetteer of Norwich, Yarmouth, Dereham, Swaffham ... [1856]


Author: F. R. Melville



Release Date: June 13, 2020  [eBook #62386]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8


***START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MELVILLE AND CO.'S DIRECTORY AND
GAZETTEER OF NORWICH, YARMOUTH, DEREHAM, SWAFFHAM ... [1856]***


Transcribed from the 1856 Melville and Co. edition by David Price, email
ccx074@pglaf.org.  Many thanks to Norfolk and Norwich Millennium Library,
UK, for kindly allowing their copy to be used for this transcription.

                          [Picture: Book cover]





                            MELVILLE AND CO.’S
                          Directory & Gazetteer


                                    OF

                                 NORWICH,
                       YARMOUTH, DEREHAM, SWAFFHAM,
                      Wymondham, Fakenham, Thetford,
      ATTLEBOROUGH, AYLSHAM, DISS, REEPHAM, FOULSHAM, HINGHAM, &C.;
                                 IPSWICH,
                      BURY ST. EDMUND’S, WOODBRIDGE,
                       Lowestoft, Beccles, Bungay,
            HALESWORTH, EYE, STOWMARKET, NEEDHAM MARKET, &C.;

                                CONTAINING

                   A Descriptive Account of each Place,
                         FOLLOWED BY A DIRECTORY.

                                * * * * *

                 _Price to Non-subscribers_, 10_s._ 6_d._

                                * * * * *

              PRINTED FOR THE PROPRIETORS BY JARROLD & SONS,
                         LONDON STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *

           JARROLD AND SONS, 47, ST. PAUL’S CHURCHYARD, LONDON;
                       AND LONDON STREET, NORWICH.

                                * * * * *




PREFACE.


In submitting this Work to the Public, the Publishers beg respectfully to
tender their sincere thanks to the numerous Subscribers who have honoured
them with their patronage; also those Gentlemen who have so liberally
furnished them with information.

Messrs. M. and Co. trust that the arrangement of the Directory will meet
the approbation of their supporters, as the greatest care has been taken
to render it as correct as it is possible for a work of this description
to be.  The Proprietors are determined that neither expense nor labour
shall be spared in the production of their works.

                                                      F. R. MELVILLE & CO.

_Norwich_, _August_, 1856.




INDEX.

                                         PAGE
Attleborough                              133
Aylsham                                   145
Bawburgh                                  112
Beccles                                   197
Beeston St. Andrew                        112
Bixley                                    113
Blofield                                  113
Bowthorpe                                 113
Bradestone                                114
Bramford                                  253
Bramerton                                 115
Bromeswell                                258
Buckenham Ferry                           115
Bungay                                    202
Bury St. Edmund’s                         259
Caistor                                   115
Carlton St. Mary                          116
Catton                                    116
Copdock                                   256
Costessey                                 117
Cringleford                               117
Dereham                                   152
Diss                                      148
Drayton                                   118
Dunston                                   118
Eaton                                     118
Eye                                       211
Fakenham                                  142
Foulsham                                  163
Freston                                   256
Halesworth                                207
Hellesdon                                 119
Hethersett                                120
Hillington                                120
Hingham                                   135
Honingham                                 121
Horsham St. Faith’s                       121
Intwood                                   122
Ipswich                                   227
Kesgrave                                  254
Keswick                                   122
Ketteringham                              122
Kirby Bedon                               122
Lowestoft                                 189
Marsham                                   123
Martlesham                                255
Melton (Great)                            119
Melton (Little)                           123
Melton, near Woodbridge                   257
Mulbarton                                 124
Needham Market                            218
Norwich, History                            1
„ Directory                                17
,, Public Offices and Institutions        105
Panxworth                                 124
Plumstead (Great)                         119
Plumstead (Little)                        123
Rackheath                                 125
Reepham                                   161
Rockland St. Mary                         125
Rushmere                                  254
Spixworth                                 126
Stowmarket                                214
Strumpshaw                                126
Swaffham                                  157
Swainsthorpe                              126
Swardeston                                126
Sutton                                    258
Thetford                                  137
Thorpe                                    127
Trowse Newton                             128
Tuddenham                                 256
Washbrook                                 257
Watton                                    164
Westerfield                               255
Wherstead                                 256
Whitton                                   254
Witton                                    128
Woodbridge                                221
Wramplingham                              128
Wymondham                                 129
Yarmouth                                  166




NORWICH.


Norwich is a city and county of itself, and the largest on the eastern
side of England.  It is distant 108 miles N.E. by N. from London; 43
miles N. from Ipswich; 42 miles E. by S. from Lynn Regis; 19 miles W.
from Yarmouth; and 72 miles N.E. from Cambridge.  Its population,
according to the census of 1851, was 68,195 inhabitants, and it has 36
parishes.

It is delightfully situated on the banks of the river Wensum, and at one
time contained so many gardens and pleasure grounds, as to be frequently
termed “_a city in an orchard_.”  The streets of Norwich have of late
years been much improved; they are well paved, and contain some good
shops.  In the environs are some beautiful walks, and villa residences of
the inhabitants.

The MARKET PLACE is a fine oblong square, surrounded with shops.  In the
centre there formerly stood a cross, which was erected in the reign of
Edward III., and contained a small chapel, or oratory, which was taken
down in 1732.  Opposite the GENTLEMAN’S WALK is a fine statue of the late
Duke of Wellington, erected in 1854.  The statue of Lord Nelson, which
until lately stood near the Guildhall, is now removed to a more suitable
situation in the Upper Close.  The market days are Wednesday and
Saturday—the latter the principal one; and no market is better supplied
with the necessaries and comforts of life.  The Skin Market is held in
the Old Haymarket, opposite the Savings’ Bank.  The Fish Market is held
behind the houses on the west side, and is well supplied.  Norwich is
considered exceedingly healthy.  It is defended from the easterly winds
by the Mousehold Hills, which, combined with the abundance of springs in
the city and its suburbs, and the Health of Towns’ Act, render it an
extremely healthy locality.

Norwich seems to have arisen from the ruin of _Venta Icenorum_, now
Caister, the capital of the Iceni, 3 miles south.  In 575, it is said to
have been fortified by Uffa, first king of the East Angles.  In 642, it
was a chief seat of his successor Anna.  In the time of Alfred the Great,
and afterwards, it was attacked by the Danes, and became the capital of
Guthrum.  The place rose to importance, and had a mint; and in the reign
of Edward the Confessor it was of that greatness, that it had 25
churches, and 1,320 burgesses.  In 1094, Bishop Herbert de Losinga moved
the see here from Thetford.  This bishop, in 1096, began the cathedral.
In 1336, a number of Flemish weavers settled here, and greatly improved
the worsted and clothing trades.  In 1565, a further accession of these
artizans was obtained, in consequence of the persecution in the
Netherlands.

Next to Manchester, London and Glasgow, Norwich is one of the largest
seats of the weaving trade.  The previous remarks shew that it is of
great antiquity; and the trade has taken fresh vigour from the
introduction of the factory system.  The chief productions are
bombazines, crapes, gauzes, challis, mousselin de laine, fillover shawls,
silk shawls, bandannas, camlets, mohair, paramattas, poplins, bareges,
glove cloths, sewing cotton, coach lace, horse hair, sacking, sailcloth,
&c.  There are also dyeries, foundries, machine works, tanneries,
breweries, maltkilns, coach works, rope works, chemical works, soaperies,
paper mills, pianoforte and organ works, and the boot and shoe trade
employ several hundred hands.  Norwich has a Chamber of Commerce.

The city and county of the city are governed by a corporation, consisting
of a mayor, 16 aldermen, and 48 councillors, with a sheriff,
under-sheriff, recorder, judge of the borough court, town-clerk, clerk of
the peace, coroner, jailer, superintendent of police, four
sergeants-at-mace, water-bailiff, bellman, &c.  There is a separate
commission of the peace, with 26 justices, holding quarter sessions and
daily sessions.  The Borough Court is held every day.  There is also a
Court of Pleas and Court of Conscience.  The revenues of the corporation
are about £15,000 a year.  The city returns two Members to Parliament.
Assizes and quarter sessions for the county and city are held at the
usual periods.  There is a County Court; Will and Ecclesiastical Courts
are held for the diocese and archdeaconry.  There is a large fair for
horses and cattle, called Tombland Fair, held on the day before Good
Friday, and pleasure fairs at Easter and Whitsuntide.

NORWICH CASTLE is situated on the summit of a hill, nearly in the centre
of the city.  It has a most striking appearance, and is full of interest,
both to the antiquary, artist, and historian.  A stone erection, or royal
castle, is believed to have been built here on Uffa’s intrenchments,
about the year 642, and was one of the chief seats of Anna, king of the
East Angles.  It was often attacked and nearly destroyed by the Danes,
but was partly rebuilt by Canute, after he had obtained sole power in
England.  Mr. Wilkins says, although the greater part of it might be
built in the reign of Canute, “it is, notwithstanding, in the style of
architecture practised by the Saxons, long before England became subject
to the Danes, and is the best exterior specimen of this kind of
architecture extant.”  The promontory on which the keep of this castle is
built, appears to be chiefly the work of nature, excepting what has,
probably, been thrown out from the inner vallum; for it may be observed
that the ground from the castle, for the best part of a mile southwards,
is nearly level with the upper ballium, although it dips to the west, and
most rapidly to the east.  The area of the whole castle, including the
three ditches which circumscribed it, could not be less than twenty-three
acres; and the principal entrance was from Berg or Burgh street, _i.e._,
the street leading to the castle—through the barbican or advanced work at
the entrance of the castle over a bridge—across the outward vallum which
was at the south end of what is now called Golden Ball street.

The _interior_ of the castle has undergone such a number of alterations,
with the view of adapting it to its use as a county gaol, that all traces
of its ancient apartments have long been lost.  It formerly contained a
royal chapel, free from ecclesiastical control, and dedicated to St.
Nicholas.  The first rural dean of the deanery of Norwich, in 1221,
pretended to spiritual jurisdiction in this chapel, but for his temerity
was obliged to supplicate forgiveness from the king.

The castle was originally defended by three walls and ditches; each ditch
having a bridge over it.  The outer ditch has been filled up from time
immemorial.  The middle one was levelled in the last century: traces of
it may be discovered on the north side, where the yards of the houses are
often from 18 to 20 feet below the road.  The inner ditch extended round
the bottom of the hill upon which the keep is standing, and is now a
tasteful plantation with a gravelled walk in the centre, bounded by an
iron palisading.  It is worthy notice that the space within this
palisading, although in the centre of the city boundary, is the property
of the county.  The bridge which crossed the inner ditch is still
standing, and consists of one large circular arch, 40 feet in span.  It
is supposed that this is the original bridge erected by the Saxons: at
its termination upon the hill are the remains of two circular towers,
which are believed to have flanked the portal of the ballium wall.  Upon
this bridge the county criminals are executed: the thoughts of the
visitor will probably recur to one, who a few years since suffered for
crimes unparalleled in atrocity.

The fine panoramic view which a walk round the summit of the hill
affords, will not soon be forgotten by a stranger.  We may venture to
assert that no town in the kingdom contains in its centre an elevation
which affords so extensive and agreeable a promenade.  All the churches
and public buildings in the city may be distinctly seen, bounded in the
distance by Mousehold Heath, and the pleasant villages of Costessey,
Thorpe, Catton, Bixley, and Whitlingham.

At the east end of the castle stands the NEW COUNTY GAOL, erected in 1824
upon the site of a less convenient building, pulled down for the purpose.
It is surrounded by a high wall cased with granite, and surmounted by
battlements.  The interior is commodious, well adapted for the health of
the prisoners, and in every respect suited for proper prison regulations.
The governor’s house faces the entrance, and commands an entire view of
the various parts of the building.  Besides the family apartments, it
contains a committee-room for the visiting magistrates, and a chapel for
the prisoners.  From this, branch three wings, each of which contains a
double row of cells upon the upper and ground floors.  Crossing these,
are single rows of cells, and an arcade for the perambulations of the
prisoners when the weather will not allow their walking in the yard.
Behind these are three other wings with arcades below, and upon the upper
floor, double rows of cells: in all there are 225 cells, and the average
number of prisoners is about 120.  The tread-mill here is not altogether
“labour in vain;” for attached to it is a machine for raising water.  Not
only is the silent system adopted, but at the mill each prisoner is
separated from his neighbour by a wooden partition.  Industry is the
order of the day; mat-making—oakum-picking—carpentry—shoe-making, and
other useful occupations, tend to make the prisoners contributors to the
cost of their maintenance.  A schoolmaster is kept, and every official is
considered his auxiliary.  The chaplain and governor are both known to be
indefatigable in their efforts to create in the minds of the prisoners a
distaste for vicious pursuits; and in not a few instances have they been
attended with complete success.

Upon the spacious declivity at the foot of the bridge is held the CATTLE
MARKET, the largest in England (London excepted).  The market is held
every Saturday, and upon that day the visitor will have an opportunity of
witnessing such a show of agricultural live stock as no other provincial
town can furnish.  Moreover, he will not fail to be interested in the
portly appearance and rich _brogue_ of the principal actors in the busy
scene; for various specimens of the “Norfolk Farmer” may here be seen to
full perfection; and we would strongly advise that the chance be not
neglected.

On the north-east side of the castle, at the bottom of the hill, stands
the SHIREHALL, erected in 1822, and opened in the following year.  It is
an imitation of the later period of the pointed style of architecture.
The County Assizes and Sessions are held in this building, which by a
subterranean passage and ascending shaft, communicates with the castle
above.  There are two courts, and other convenient rooms.  In the Grand
Jury Chamber is a full-length portrait of one of Norfolk’s most
celebrated worthies—the late Thomas William Coke, Esq., Earl of
Leicester; and also one of Lord Wodehouse.  Upon the spacious plain,
fronting the Shirehall, is held the Annual (Tombland) Fair, which
commences on Maunday Thursday, and terminates upon Easter Tuesday.  The
newly-erected building to the north-west of the Shirehall, is the COUNTY
POLICE STATION.

The GUILDHALL is an ancient building, situated at the north-west end of
the Market-place, and is used for an assize and sessions court, for a
police station, and for the meetings of the Town Council, and various
other purposes.  The building is an erection of black flint, the
cornices, window frames, and battlements being of freestone.  Some of the
original windows, with flowered points to the cusps, are still remaining;
but the greater part are modern, as are also the additions upon the
south, where formerly was a chapel dedicated to St. Barbara, in which the
prisoners assembled for divine worship; upon the site of this is a porch,
ornamented with a gilt figure of Justice.  Adjoining the east side is the
POLICE OFFICE.  In the front of the building, towards the Market-place,
are square panels, with remains of shields and supporters of the time of
Henry VIII.  The interior is chiefly modern, with the exception of the
room called the Mayor’s Council Chamber, which retains much of the
furniture of the time of king Henry VIII.  It is situated at the east end
upon the second floor, and is adorned with half-length portraits of many
of the ancient civic notables and benefactors of the city, amongst which
will be found Lord Chief Justice Coke, Archbishop Parker, and many
others; the full-length portrait on the left side of the entrance is Sir
Benjamin Wrench; that on the right is Thomas Emerson, Esq.  In the
windows is painted glass of various periods.  The greatest object of
attraction in this room is a glass case, containing the sword of the
Spanish Admiral Don Xavier Winthuysen, who died of his wounds at the
battle of Cape St. Vincent, February 14th, 1797.  It was presented to the
corporation of the city by Lord Nelson.  Within the case is the letter
which accompanied the presentation, and which is in the hand-writing of
the great naval chieftain.  Opposite this room is the old Common Council
Chamber, in which the mayor and magistrates hold a petty sessions daily.
It contains fine full-length portraits of Elisha de Hague, Town Clerk,
1825, and other civic worthies.

The Court in which the Assizes are held is upon the ground floor toward
the west; and there are several smaller apartments in the building
devoted to municipal purposes, in some of which are the regalia of the
corporation, including the snap or dragon, formerly carried before the
mayor on his election; the gold chains worn by the mayor and sheriffs;
the sword of state, presented by St. George’s Company in 1705: a curious
mace of silver gilt, with beautiful crystal, presented by Queen
Elizabeth; two maces of silver gilt, presented by the Duke of Norfolk and
Sir Robert Walpole in 1670 and 1734, with other civic paraphernalia.

ST. ANDREW’S HALL is a very noble structure, and is in the pointed style
of architecture.  Its length is 124 feet, and there are two aisles 70
feet broad.  The roof is supported by twelve pillars, and there are
fourteen windows on each side in the upper tier, and six in the lower,
two in the east, and three in the west end, which were formerly decorated
with stained glass.  Originally there was a handsome steeple in the
centre, which fell down in 1812.  The Hall is principally used for the
festivals, concerts, public meetings, and various other purposes.

The PUBLIC LIBRARY is opposite the Guildhall.  It is a handsome edifice,
with Doric portico, and contains about 30,000 volumes, including a
valuable collection of books, called the City Library.  The library is
open from ten in the morning till nine in the evening, except from the
first of May till the end of August, when it closes at eight, p.m.  There
is a reading-room attached for the convenience of readers.

The CORN EXCHANGE is situated in Exchange Street, which commences at the
north end of the Gentlemen’s Walk.  It is a large structure erected in
1828, at a cost of £6000.  It is about 120 feet long, 90 feet broad, and
27 feet high, and is supported by two rows of pillars.  The building is
principally lighted from the roof.  At the east end are portraits of John
Culley, Esq., the originator of the building, and Thomas William Coke, of
Holkham, afterwards Earl of Leicester, justly regarded as the father of
Norfolk agriculture.

The CHAMBER OF COMMERCE is situated at a short distance from the Corn
Exchange.  It is a handsome building, ornamented in front by Corinthian
columns and pilasters, surmounted by an entablature.  It contains a
well-supplied Reading-room, which is open to strangers gratuitously.

The POST OFFICE is situated in Post-Office Street, which is approached
from the Market-Place, by Exchange Street.  It is a convenient though not
an attractive-looking building.  There are two London deliveries daily.

The NORFOLK AND NORWICH MUSEUM is in St. Andrew’s Broad Street.  It is a
handsome building, with commanding exterior, erected in 1839.  Its
contents are varied, extensive, and complete.  The birds especially are
very numerous, a large portion of them being foreign.  The mammalia
include many valuable specimens; and one of the largest provincial
collections of animals from Australia is to be found within these walls.
Amongst the fossils are some rare specimens of animals long since
extinct.  The shells and minerals are deserving attention, as is also the
entomological department.  The antiquities exhibit many remarkable
articles; the coins and seals are particularly worthy the attention of
the curious.  There is also a valuable botanical collection, which
contains the Herbarium of the eminent botanist, Sir James E. Smith.  The
Museum is open free every Monday, and on other days visitors are admitted
on the production of an order from one of its members.

The LITERARY INSTITUTION.  This society occupies several rooms in the
same building as the Museum.  It contains an excellent and rapidly
increasing Library of about 15,000 volumes.

Adjacent to the Museum is the FREE LIBRARY, a spacious and convenient
building, erected in 1856, upon a part of the site of the ancient palace
of the Dukes of Norfolk.

The BAZAAR is a handsome structure, in St. Andrew’s Broad Street, erected
in 1831, by a company of shareholders, and now let for various purposes.
One portion of the building is occupied by the Government School of
Design, in which instruction is given in drawing, painting, modelling,
and designing.

The ASSEMBLY ROOMS are at the south end of an open plain, in the parish
of St. Stephen, and were erected in 1754 upon the site of the College of
St. Mary in the Fields.  Public meetings are occasionally held here, and
the proprietors of the leading exhibitions of the kingdom, during their
stay in this city, generally fix their paraphernalia in one or other of
the convenient compartments of this spacious building.

The THEATRE ROYAL is situated at a short distance from the Assembly
Rooms.  It is a well-built though somewhat plain-looking edifice, erected
in 1826, adjoining the site of the old theatre, which was built in 1757.
The interior is upon the model of Drury Lane, the embellishments are both
chaste and handsome, and the arrangements are well suited to public
convenience, being upon the same plan as those of the metropolitan
theatres.  The building is but rarely used for other than dramatic
entertainments.

The BETHEL HOSPITAL FOR LUNATICS stands in the street of the same name,
upon the site of the old City Committee House.  The building is well
adapted for the purpose for which it was designed.  There is a handsome
committee room containing several portraits, one of which is that of the
worthy foundress, painted in 1724.

The CITY GAOL is at the end of St. Giles’ Street.  It was completed in
1827, from a design by Mr. Philip Barnes, a native of Norwich, at a cost
of £30,000.  The front elevation is massive, and is supported by
rusticated Tuscan columns.  In the wings are niches with cross arrows.
The building encloses an area of 1A. 2R. 34P., and contains 114 cells.
The governor’s house stands in the centre, and commands a view of the
entire prison, which is well ventilated, and supplied with water pumped
by the tread wheel.

The NORFOLK AND NORWICH HOSPITAL, founded in 1771, for the relief of the
sick and maimed poor, is an extensive brick structure, situated without
St. Stephen’s Gates.  It deservedly ranks as the most useful institution
in the county, and is supported by donations, legacies, and voluntary
subscriptions, and also by a large proportion of the proceeds of the
Norwich Musical Festival.  Since its foundation, it has admitted about
45,000 in-door, and 35,000 out-door patients.  Three physicians and four
surgeons regularly attend gratuitously.  The Hospital contains 144 beds
for the reception of patients.

ST. GILES’ HOSPITAL, commonly called the Old Men’s Hospital, is situated
in the parish of St. Helen.  It was founded as early as 1249, by Bishop
Walter de Suffield, for maintaining four chaplains to pray for his soul;
and also to be an asylum for the aged, decrepid and infirm clergy of the
diocese of Norwich, and to support 13 old people, who were to have their
lodging, and one meal a day for life.  It subsequently received
considerable augmentations, and can now accommodate 200 persons.

The CAVALRY BARRACKS are situated in Barrack Street, in the Hamlet of
Pockthorpe, on the site of the Old Manor House of that hamlet.  They were
erected by the Government in 1791, at an expense of £20,000.  The
buildings are of brick, and form three sides, the centre being for the
accommodation of the officers; upon the upper part of this are the
national arms sculptured in stone, and surrounded by military trophies.
The wings are appropriated to the reception of the soldiers, and are
capable of containing 320 men and 266 horses.  The high wall which
surrounds the entire barracks (including the spacious parade ground)
encloses an extent of about ten acres.

The DUNGEON TOWER is opposite the Cavalry Barracks, upon land called the
Hospital Meadows.  It is a large round tower of brick, originally
surmounted by a battlement.

The INSTITUTION FOR THE INDIGENT BLIND is situated in Magdalen Street.
The establishment is devoted to two objects—a hospital for the aged
blind, and a school for the instruction of blind children, who are taught
the manufacture of baskets, mats, and other articles, by which they may
obtain a livelihood.  These may be purchased in a shop adjoining the
institution.

DOUGHTY’S HOSPITAL, in Calvert Street, was founded in 1687, by William
Doughty, who bequeathed £6000 for building and endowing it, for 24 poor
men and 8 poor women, of the age of 60.  Since its foundation, the
hospital has been augmented by several benefactions.  It is a square
building of almshouses, with a garden in the centre.  Each inmate has a
tenement of one room for his or her own use, and there is one of two
rooms, the residence of the master.  There is now accommodation for 28
men and 16 women, who each receive 5s. 6d. per week, and the master 11s.
per week.  Each has also a supply of coals, and a suit of purple clothing
annually, with other advantages.

The CATHEDRAL is one of the chief ornaments of the city, and is a very
fine edifice, principally in the Norman style of architecture.  It has a
nave and choir, with aisles, transept, several small chapels,
chapterhouse, and cloisters.  These, with the Bishop’s Palace and the
Deanery, constitute a great mass of ecclesiastical buildings.  The
Cathedral is 407 feet long, and the breadth across the transept 178 feet,
and across the nave and aisles 72 feet.  The cloisters form a square of
174 feet, inner dimensions.  The large west window is composed of elegant
perpendicular tracery, and contains some elegant stained glass, inserted
as a memorial of the late Bishop Stanley.  On the south side of the nave,
between the sixth and seventh pillars, is the tomb of Chancellor Spenser,
upon which, in accordance with the leases, the dean and chapter formerly
demanded the payment of their rents; and between the next pillars stands
the tomb of Bishop Nix, a violent persecutor of the Reformers, who
erected the roof of the transepts.  He suffered a long imprisonment for
aiding the cause of the pope against Henry VIII.  The space which this
tomb occupies, as well as that between the two next pillars to the west,
was formerly enclosed as a chapel, the roof of which is remaining,
displaying obtuse arches inserted between the Norman piers; the vaulting,
which is rich, is considered a good specimen of the latest florid style.
On the west side of the ninth pier, on the same side, is the tomb of
Bishop Parkhurst, the eminent lexicographer, a very excellent prelate,
and a great promoter of the reformed religion.  In the ninth arch of the
south wall is a monument to Dean Gardiner.  Opposite, on the east side of
the ninth pier, is the tomb of Sir James Hobart, attorney-general to
Henry VII.  A chapel was formerly enclosed here, which belonged to the
Hobart family.  In the centre of the nave will be observed a chaste
marble slab, which covers the remains of the late highly-esteemed Bishop
Stanley.  The Bishop’s Palace is partly Norman.  It has a grand hall and
a large chapel.  The Deanery and Prebendal Houses are the remains of the
Priory.  Among the cathedral appurtenances are three ancient gates of
remarkable structure—the Erpingham gate, St. Ethelbert’s gate, and St.
Martin’s Palace gate.  The Cathedral precincts form a peculiar
jurisdiction of the Dean and Chapter, who appoint a coroner and
ecclesiastical judges and officers.  The Bishop has the remarkable
privilege of being the only abbot in England, being Bishop of Norwich and
Abbot of St. Bennet’s-at-Holm.

The FREE GRAMMAR SCHOOL is situated near the western door of the
Cathedral, and was originally a chapel dedicated to St. John.  It was
erected about 1315, by Bishop Salmon, lord chancellor, who endowed it
with four priests, one of whom was to sing mass for his soul, those of
his parents, and of all his predecessors and successors.  The portico,
which is singular in construction, was built by Bishop Lyhart in 1463.
The buttresses at each end of the south side are especially worthy
notice; they are ornamented with rich columns representing the trunks of
trees, from the tops of which spring imitations of branches.  In this
grammar school, in addition to many eminent scholars, were educated the
celebrated Hero of the Nile and Trafalgar, Lord Viscount Nelson, and Sir
James Brooke, the Rajah of Sarrawak.  The celebrated Dr. Valpy was once
head master.



PARISH CHURCHES.


‘ALL SAINTS’, situated at the east end of Westlegate Street, is a small
structure, with a square tower, and three bells.  The font is very
ancient, and curiously carved with figures of the Twelve Apostles, St.
Michael and the Dragon, &c.  The living is a rectory, in the gift of Mrs.
Sculthorpe.  Rev. Thomas Gurney, M.A., is the rector.

ST. ANDREW’S “Broad Street,” to which it gives name, is esteemed the
finest parochial church in the city, excepting that of St. Peter’s
Mancroft.  The tower, which has ten bells and a clock, was rebuilt in
1478, and the nave and chancel in 1506.  The interior is neatly pewed,
contains a good organ erected in 1808, and several handsome monuments.
At the end of the north aisle is a sumptuous monument, with recumbent
effigies of Sir John Suckling and his lady.  To the altar belongs a
handsome and costly set of plate, of which two noble flagons, weighing
nearly 60 ounces each, were given by L. Goodwin, Esq., in 1704.  The
church of St. Christopher, which stood in this vicinity, was burnt down
in the reign of Henry VIII., and its parish united with St. Andrew’s.
The parishioners are the patrons.  Rev. J. Brown is the incumbent.

ST. AUGUSTINE’S, situated in St. Augustine’s Street, is an unpresuming
edifice with a square tower, containing a clock and three bells.  The
tower and porch were partly rebuilt of red brick in 1726.  The living is
a rectory in the gift of the dean and chapter.  Rev. M. J. Rackham is the
incumbent.

ST. BENEDICT’S, Upper Westwick Street, is a small structure, with a
tower, round at the base and octangular above.  The patronage is in the
gift of the parishioners.  Rev. W. Goodwin, incumbent.

ST. CLEMENT’S, Colegate Street, is one of the most ancient churches in
the city.  The venerable structure consists of a nave and chancel, and
has a square tower, in which are three bells.  It was thoroughly repaired
in 1845, at a cost of £430.  In the churchyard is the “Leper’s Tomb,”
which, tradition says, was raised over the remains of a leper, who, being
permitted burial here, bequeathed his lands to the church: but Blomfield
discredits this legend, and conjectures that the leper died in the lazar
house, without St. Augustine’s gate, which entitled him to burial here,
that building being in one of the detached parts of this parish.  The
living is a rectory in the gift of Caius College, Cambridge.  Rev. R.
Rigg is the rector.

ST. EDMUND’S, in Fishgate Street, a small structure, founded about the
time of William the Conqueror, has a tower and one bell.  Among the
relics formerly preserved here, was a piece of the shirt of St. Edward
the King and Martyr, kept in a box of crystal, and visited with great
reverence.  The living is a rectory in the gift of the Rev. C. Brereton.
The Rev. J. Pearson is the rector.

ST. ETHELRED’S, in King Street, is a small fabric, with a short tower and
one bell.  In the burial ground was formerly an anchorage, which
continued till after the Reformation.  Rev. J. Deacon is the incumbent.

ST. GEORGE’S COLEGATE, a large handsome gothic structure, rebuilt at
different periods, has a lofty tower, in which is a clock and three
bells.  The interior is neatly fitted up, and there is a good organ.  In
the chancel is a fine altar tomb to Robert Iannis, a great benefactor to
this church and the city; and near it a beautiful mural monument to John
Herring, Esq.  The window over the communion table is beautifully adorned
with stained glass.  The churches of St. Margaret at Colegate and St.
Olave, in Cherry Lane, were taken down, and their cures consolidated with
St. George’s; the former in 1349, and the latter in 1546.  The dean and
chapter are patrons.  Rev. A. W. Durdin, incumbent.

ST. GEORGE’S TOMBLAND consists of a nave, chancel, and side aisles, has a
handsome square tower, which contains five bells, and was erected by the
parishioners in 1445.  In the interior are several spacious galleries,
and many monumental inscriptions.  Rev. K. Trimmer is the incumbent.

ST. GILES’ was founded in the reign of William the Conqueror, by Elwyn
the priest, who gave it to the monks of Norwich, and the patronage is
consequently vested in the dean and chapter.  It was wholly rebuilt in
the reign of Richard II., and is now one of the handsomest churches in
the city.  The tower (120 feet high) contains a clock and eight bells,
and is surrounded by a cupola and battlement.  The chancel has been
demolished since the year 1581, when the dean and chapter, to quit
themselves of the expense of repairing it, gave all the materials to the
parish, for “a stock to be put out for the encouragement of poor trades.”
There are many curious old brasses, and several neat mural monuments.
Rev. R. Sedgwick is the incumbent.

ST. GREGORY’S, Pottergate Street, is a lofty gothic structure, consisting
of nave, side aisles, and chancel, the latter built in 1395; since which,
the whole pile has received many reparations.  In the tower are a clock
and six bells; the font is very large, having an octagonal top, and on
its eight sides the four evangelists, and figures emblematic of the four
quarters of the globe.  In the nave is a fine brass reading-desk, in the
shape of an eagle with expanded wings.  Among the monuments is one to Sir
Francis Bacon, a Judge of the Court of King’s Bench, in the time of
Charles II.  Here are also some ancient brass inscriptions.  Rev. W. R.
Sharpe is the incumbent.

ST. HELEN’S, Bishopgate Street, belonged to the monks who demolished it,
and consolidated the cure with the church of St. Giles’ Hospital, now
called the Great Hospital.  The whole of this hospital church, which
serves also as the parish church of St. Helen, and is partly converted
into lodgings for the almspeople, is still standing.  It has a square
tower at the south-west corner, with one bell; the choir is turned into
lodgings for the almswomen, and part of the nave and aisles is divided
into apartments for the men.  The church is neatly fitted up with open
seats, and opposite the altar stands a modern seat of gothic carved work.
Rev. W. F. Patteson is the incumbent.

ST. JAMES’, Cowgate, includes within its parish the hamlet of Pockthorpe,
and part of Mousehold Heath.  It is a small structure, with a tower,
rebuilt in 1743, and contains three bells.  It was re-pewed in 1842.
This was a well-endowed rectory till 1201, when it was appropriated to
the cathedral priory, and is now a peculiar of the dean and chapter.

ST. JOHN’S MADDERMARKET is an ancient but handsome church, consisting of
nave, side aisles, and a fine tower, in which are six bells.  It is
dedicated to the Holy Trinity and St. John the Baptist, and was founded
before the survey made in Edward the Confessor’s time.  The lead was
removed, and the roof covered with slate in 1835.  It contains many
ancient sepulchral inscriptions, with a few brasses and several neat
mural tablets.  Lady Margaret, Duchess of Norfolk (second wife of the
duke, who was beheaded in Elizabeth’s reign), died at the Duke’s Palace,
in this parish, in 1563, and was interred with great pomp on the north
side of the choir, where a mural monument was raised to her memory in
1791.  The living is a rectory in the gift of New College, Oxford.  The
Rev. J. Perowne is the rector.

ST. JOHN’S SEPULCHRE, a commodious structure, at the south end of Ber
Street, dedicated to St. John the Baptist and the Holy Sepulchre,
consists of nave, chancel, and transepts, with a lofty tower, in which
are five bells and a clock.  Rev. Thomas Calvert is the incumbent.

ST. JOHN’S TIMBERHILL, an ancient pile, dedicated to St. John the
Baptist, and situated at the north end of Ber Street, was founded soon
after the priory, to which it was appropriated.  It consists of nave,
chancel, and side aisles, with chapels at the east end, and has a small
wooden steeple, with one bell.  It had formerly a tower, which fell down
in 1784, and was never rebuilt.  The Rev. S. Titlow is the incumbent.

ST. JULIAN’S, situated in King Street, a small ancient fabric, with a
round tower; was founded before the conquest.  On the south side may be
seen the ancient entrance, in the Saxon style, but now disused.  In the
churchyard was an anchorage, demolished at the dissolution of religious
houses.

ST. LAWRENCE, Upper Westwick Street, is a handsome gothic fabric, with a
fine tower, 112 feet high, containing a clock and six bells.  The windows
are large and beautifully foliated, and were formerly decorated with
stained glass, all of which was destroyed by the Puritans in 1643.  Over
an arched door, on the western side, are two ancient carvings, one of
which represents the cruel martyrdom of St. Lawrence.  The original
church was founded in the Confessor’s reign, on the site of a quay for
landing fish, but was taken down in 1460, and the present one completed
about twelve years after.  Rev. P. U. Browne is the incumbent.

ST. MARGARET’S, Westwick Street, consists of nave, chancel, and side
aisle, and has a square tower, in which were five bells till 1830, when
four of them were sold to assist in defraying the expense of covering the
structure with blue slate.  The living is a rectory in the gift of the
Bishop of Norwich.  The Rev. J. W. Cobb is the rector.

ST. MARTIN’S AT OAK, in Oak Street, consists of nave, chancel, south
aisle, and a square tower, with three bells.  It derived the latter part
of its name from a large oak, formerly standing in the churchyard, with
the image of St. Mary in it.  This was much visited in superstitious
times, and several legacies were given towards repairing and painting it.
The oak now standing on the site was planted about 50 years ago.  An
alabaster tomb, with effigies, remember Jeremiah Ravens and his wife.
Rev. C. J. Blake is the incumbent.

ST. MARTIN’S AT PALACE, situated opposite the entrance to the palace, is
a venerable structure, consisting of nave, chancel, and side aisles, with
a tower and five bells.  In early times a boys’ singing school was kept
here; and in 1500 John Blomfield gave a robe of worsted linen, lined with
blue silk, for the boy bishop.  Rev. A. Braddell, incumbent.

ST. MARY’S, Southgate Street, consists of nave, transepts, and chancel,
with an ancient round tower, with six bells.  The body of the church was
built in 1477.  It contains six antique stalls, and several neat
monuments.  Rev. C. Morse, incumbent.  St. Mary’s in the Marsh.  The Rev.
J. C. Matchett, incumbent.

ST. MICHAEL’S, Coslany Street, usually called St. Miles’, is a commodious
and handsome structure, with a lofty embattled tower, containing a clock
and eight musical bells.  The interior of the church is handsomely
decorated, and two of the windows contain some ancient painted glass, but
the heads of the figures were taken off to gratify the Puritans in the
reign of Cromwell.  The altar-piece represents the ascension, and the
four evangelists; and the floor in front is paved with black and white
marble, brought from the domestic chapel of the Earl of Yarmouth, at
Oxnead.  On the south side is a chapel of beautiful workmanship, erected
of flints and freestone, and considered one of the finest specimens of
flint-work in the county.  The church contains a very old font, several
mural monuments, and some ancient brasses.  The living is a rectory in
the gift of Caius College, Cambridge.  Rev. R. Rigg is the rector.

ST. MICHAEL’S AT PLEA, situated on the north side of Queen Street, is so
named from the Archdeacon of Norwich holding in it his Pleas or Courts.
It is built in the form of a cross, and has a square embattled tower,
with two bells.  There are eight ancient paintings near the pulpit, well
worthy of inspection.  The living is a rectory in the gift of Sir T. B.
Leonard and J. Morse, Esq.  Rev. Charles Morse is the rector.

ST. MICHAEL AT THORN, in ancient deeds, called St. Michael’s super
Montem, has still a large thorn tree growing in the graveyard.  It is a
small structure, with a tower, built in 1436, in which are three bells.
Rev. C. T. Rust is the incumbent.

ST. PAUL’S, in St. Paul’s Street, is an ancient fabric, with a small
tower, the upper part of which was octangular, but was rebuilt in 1819 of
white brick, with a stone coping.  It contains a handsome screen and
sounding board, and was renewed in 1841.  The living is a rectory in the
gift of the dean and chapter.  Rev. B. Cook is the rector.

ST. PETER HUNGATE, on Elm Hill, one of the oldest churches in the city;
was anciently called Hungate, or Houndsgate, from the hounds formerly
kept there for the use of the bishop.  The old church was demolished in
1458, when the present one was commenced and finished in 1460.  It is a
cruciform structure, of black flint, with a square tower and two bells.
Over the communion table is a handsome window of ancient stained glass.
Among the plate belonging to the altar is a curious old cup and cover.
The living is a rectory in the gift of the lord chancellor.  Rev. S.
Titlow is the rector.

ST. PETER’S MANCROFT stands in an elevated situation, near the upper side
of the Market-place, and is a handsome cruciform structure of freestone,
begun in 1430, and finished in 1455.  It stands on the site of a former
structure, and is considered the finest parish church in the city,
measuring 212 feet in length and 70 feet in breadth, having a noble tower
98 feet high, containing an excellent peal of twelve bells, with a clock
and chimes.  The bells were exchanged for the old peal of ten in 1775, at
the cost of more than £800, raised by public subscription.  The interior
has an elegant appearance; the clustered pillars supporting the roof,
with the arches surmounting them, are lofty and slender, and the windows
are large and handsome.  The organ, a fine-toned instrument, was erected
in 1707.  The decorations of the altar are elegant, and the plate
massive, especially a superb standing cup and cover.  The altar piece
represents the delivery of Peter from Prison, and the east window is
decorated with stained glass.  In the vestry are several ancient books,
among which is a beautiful manuscript bible, written on vellum, in 1340,
and a more ancient manuscript of the Epistles of St. Paul, with a comment
finely illuminated.  Here are several fine old paintings, and a piece of
tapestry, dated 1574.  Over the door hangs an old carving, in alabaster,
of nine female saints, among which is St. Margaret holding down a dragon.
The capacious old font is surmounted with a lofty covering of costly
tabernacle work, and near the north door are two carved stalls.  Rev. C.
Turner, incumbent.

ST. PETER PER MOUNTERGATE, in King Street; so called from a gate
anciently placed near the churchyard; was erected in 1486, and has a fine
square, embattled tower, with a clock and five bells.  In the chancel are
24 stalls, which belonged to a college of secular priests, that stood at
the north-east corner of the churchyard.  A tomb, dated 1623, on the
south side of the altar, with recumbent effigies, remembers R. Berney,
Esq., and his wife.  In the nave is interred Thomas Codd, who was mayor
in Kett’s Rebellion, and was a great benefactor to the city.  The heads
of his will are read annually on the Sunday before St. Thomas’ Day.  Rev.
G. Day is the incumbent.

ST. PETER’S, Southgate Street, is an ancient fabric, consisting of nave,
chancel, side chapel, and a square tower, in which are three bells.  The
living is a rectory in the gift of the Bishop of Norwich.  Rev. J. Deacon
is the rector.

ST. SAVIOUR’S, Magdalen Street, a small fabric, dedicated to the
transfiguration of our Saviour; has a square embattled tower, with a
clock and bell.  It contains several neat mural monuments.  In Bishop
Oxford’s time it was appropriated to the almoner of the cathedral
convent.  Rev. S. O. Attlay is the incumbent.

ST. SIMON AND ST. JUDE’S, Wensum Street, consists of nave and chancel,
with a tower, in which are five bells.  It contains some ancient brasses,
and several monuments and effigies of the Pettus’ family, upon one of
which is a recumbent figure, in complete armour, of Sir J. Pettus, the
first of the family who was knighted.  The church is of great antiquity,
and was held by the bishops before the removal of the see to Norwich.  A
new gallery was erected in 1835, and the body was re-pewed in 1838.  Rev.
C. Holloway, rector.

ST. STEPHEN’S, situated in Rampant Horse Street, is a commodious gothic
structure, consisting of nave, chancel, side aisles, and two side
chapels, with a square tower at the west end.  The nave is divided from
the aisles by fluted columns, with pointed arches, and the east window is
richly beautified with stained glass.  It is neatly pewed, and the altar
is remarkably handsome.  There are several old brasses and many mural
tablets.  In the vestry is a manuscript description of the church,
written by Benjamin Mackerell, author of a history of Lynn; also a
curious old alabaster carving.  The living is a rectory in the gift of
the dean and chapter.  Rev. S. O. Attlay is the rector.

ST. SWITHIN, Westwick Street, is a neat structure, with a square tower
and three bells.  During the cleansing of the church in 1834, an ancient
portrait of Edward the Confessor was found nailed under one of the seats,
where it is supposed to have been placed for security during the civil
wars.  The altar-piece is a painting of Moses and Aaron.  On the font are
carved emblems of the Trinity, Eucharist, and the Passion, with the arms
of East Anglia.  Here are also three stalls.  The living is a rectory in
the gift of the Bishop of Norwich.  Rev. C. Day is the rector.

LAKENHAM CHURCH, dedicated to St. John the Baptist and All Saints, upon
an acclivity above the river Yare, about a mile and a half south of the
Market-place.  The benefice is a vicarage united to Trowse Newton, in the
gift of the dean and chapter, and enjoyed by the Rev. George Carter, M.A.

HEIGHAM CHURCH, dedicated to St. Bartholomew, stands on elevated ground
above the Wensum, about a mile W. by N. of the Market-place, and is a
small edifice, with nave, chancel, south aisle, and a square tower, in
which are three bells.  A mural monument remembers the pious Bishop Hall.
The rectory is valued in the king’s book at £6. 13_s._ 4_d._, and in 1831
at £211.  The bishop is patron, and the Rev. W. Robbins, M.A., incumbent.

ST. MARK’S CHURCH, Lakenham, is a handsome edifice, in the pointed style
of architecture, with nave, tower, and three bells.  Rev. W. R. Nevill,
M.A., incumbent.

TRINITY CHAPEL, Union Place, was built by the Baptists, but was
consecrated in January, 1839.

CHRIST CHURCH, New Catton, is a neat erection in the early English style,
erected in 1841.  Rev. R. Wade, B.A., incumbent.

ST. MATTHEW’S, Thorpe Hamlet, is a neat edifice, erected in 1851, and
built of rag stone.  Rev. G. W. Grogan, incumbent.

The remaining hamlets will be found noticed separately.



DISSENTING CHAPELS.


The leading denominations of Dissenters have commodious places of
worship, some of which, on the score of antiquity, or of modern
architectural merit, are not undeserving attention.

The OLD MEETING HOUSE, in St. Clement’s, was erected in 1693, and belongs
to the _Independents_.  Its first pastor, Bridge, seceded from the
Establishment in the reign of James II., and sat in the Westminster
Assembly of Divines.  It is a large building of red brick, fronted with
four Corinthian pilasters.  It will afford accommodation for about 700
persons.  There are spacious School-rooms connected with this building,
in which a large number of children are educated upon the British system.

PRINCE’S STREET CHAPEL (_Independent_) was built in 1819.  It is a
building of white brick, with boldly-displayed cornice and pediment, and
a Grecian Doric portico of four columns.  It will accommodate upwards of
800 persons.

The TABERNACLE (_Countess of Huntingdon’s_), a plain but commodious
structure, is situated in the parish of St. Martin’s Palace, and will
accommodate 1000 persons.  The celebrated George Whitfield preached in
this building.

ST. MARY’S CHAPEL (_Baptist_) was originally erected in 1744, but was
rebuilt in its present handsome style in 1811, and considerably enlarged
in 1838.  It will now seat 900 persons.  The Rev. J. Kinghorn, a
celebrated Hebrew scholar, was one of its ministers.

ST. CLEMENT’S CHAPEL (_Baptist_) is also a large building.  It was
erected in 1814, and contains about 900 sittings.  There is a spacious
School-room adjacent to this chapel.  The celebrated Mark Wilks was once
the pastor.

EBENEZER CHAPEL (_Baptist_) Surrey Road, was erected in 1854; it is a
spacious building, and although without galleries, is capable of
accommodating a large congregation.

CALVERT STREET CHAPEL belongs to what are called the _Wesleyan
Reformers_, and is the largest Wesleyan Meeting-house in the city.  It
was opened in 1811.  It is a red-brick edifice, containing upwards of
1000 sittings.

ST. PETER’S CHAPEL, near the Theatre Plain, is a neat, commodious
building, held by the original _Wesleyan Conference_.  It contains 900
sittings.

The UNITARIAN CHAPEL, situated in St. George’s Colegate, is
unquestionably the most handsome meeting-house in the city.  It is known
as the _Octagon Chapel_, which will indicate the plan upon which it is
constructed.  It is surmounted by a dome, supported by eight Corinthian
pillars, in excellent imitation of marble.  There is a portico to the
south front.

The SOCIETY OF FRIENDS have two meeting-houses in Norwich; one of which
is in the _Upper Goat Lane_.  It is a fine white-brick structure, with
Doric portico, and lighted by a dome lantern.  It was built in 1826.
About 700 persons can be accommodated in this building.  Adjacent to it
are several convenient rooms for committee and other meetings.  The other
is the GILDENCROFT MEETING HOUSE, St. Augustine’s, an ancient-looking
edifice, erected in 1680.  There is a spacious burial-ground attached, in
which are deposited the remains of Joseph John Gurney and other eminent
Friends.  It is worth remarking that the building is supported by two
lofty oak pillars, cut out of single trees.

The FRENCH CHURCH is an ancient building in Queen Street, occupied by the
_Swedenborgians_, (which was formerly dedicated to St. Mary the Less.)
After the parish was united to others, the building was used as a cloth
exchange, and subsequently was granted to the French Protestants.  It has
a square tower, nave, and chancel.

The _Roman Catholics_ have two chapels; one called THE CHAPEL OF THE
APOSTLES, is situated in Willow Lane, and is a handsome building of white
brick, in the Corinthian and Ionic styles.  The interior presents a truly
gorgeous appearance.  The other is called ST. JOHN’S MADDERMARKET CHAPEL.
It stands near to the church of that name, and is a large building,
erected in 1794.  There is a dwelling for the priest adjoining.

_The Jews_ have a handsome SYNAGOGUE in St. Faith’s Lane.  They were
formerly very numerous in this city.

CEMETERIES.  There are two Cemeteries in Norwich.  The NEW CEMETERY,
situated upon the Earlham road, is corporate property, and was opened in
1856.  It contains 35 acres.  The ROSARY BURIAL GROUND is pleasantly
situated at Thorpe, and was registered in 1821.  It originally contained
5 acres, but has recently been considerably enlarged.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Abbot, Rev. J., Catholic Priest, St. John’s Maddermarket
Adams, Miss Frances, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Aldred, Mr. James, St. Giles’ street
Alexander, Rev. John, Congregational Minister, Prince’s street Chapel,
Gildengate street
Alderman, Miss Sarah, Cross road, St. Giles’ road
Allison, Mr. James, Front row, New Lakenham
Ames, Mrs. Mary, Willow place, New Lakenham
Andrews, William, Esq., Magdalen street
Archdall, Rev. George, D.D., Canon of Norwich Cathedral, the Close
Asker, Mrs. Frances, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Atkins, Mr. Alfred, Trafalgar place, New Lakenham
August, Mrs. Mary Ann, Unthank’s road
Bacheldar, Miss Sarah, Newmarket road
Back, John Alfred, Esq., St. Giles’ street
Bacon, Mr. Richard, All Saints’ green
Bailey, Mrs., junior, St. Benedict’s road
Baker, Mr. John, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Baker, Mr. John, St. Catherine’s plain
Baker, Mrs. Maria, Newmarket road
Baldwin, Mr. William, Hamlet place, Grapes hill
Balls, Mrs. Elizabeth, Colegate street
Banks, Mrs. Mary, Grove road, New Lakenham
Banks, Mr. William, Earlham road terrace
Barber, George, Esq., Thorpe hamlet
Barcham, Mr. William, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Barker, Miss, Dereham road
Barker, Mrs. Mary, Chapel field
Barker, Mrs. Susan, Distillery street
Barlow, Mr. Richard, St. Margaret’s plain
Barnard, Charles, Esq., Gildengate street
Barnes, Mrs. Amelia, Bracondale
Barnes, Mrs. Mary, St. Stephen’s gates
Barnham, Miss L., Newmarket road
Barrett, Mr. George, Alma terrace, St. Augustine’s road
Barwell, Henry George, Esq., Surrey street
Barwell, John, senior, Esq., Surrey street
Barwell, John, junior, Esq., Surrey street
Bean, Miss, Dereham road terrace
Beare, Miss Amelia, Gildengate street
Bellin, Benjamin, Esq., Grove road, New Lakenham
Bensly, Mrs. Harriet, Newmarket road
Bensley, Charles, Esq., Thorpe hamlet
Bennett, Edward, Esq., Newmarket road
Berwick, Mrs. Mary, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Betts, Mr. John, West Pottergate
Biggs, Mrs. Mary, St. Stephen’s square
Bignold, Sir Samuel, M.P., Surrey street
Birt, Mr. Robert, Bethel street
Bishop, Rev. Wm., Curate of Heigham Church, Holl’s lane
Blake, Rev. Charles Jex, Incumbent of St. Martin at Oak, the Close
Blake, R. W., Esq., Colegate street
Blake, Mrs. Jonathan, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Blencowe, Rev. George, Wesleyan Minister, Calvert street
Blunderfield, Mrs. Amelia, Newmarket road
Blyth, Miss Rhoda, Mile Lane, Newmarket road
Boardman, Mrs. Frances, Newmarket road
Boardman, James, Esq., Newmarket road
Bolingbroke, C., Esq., St. Giles’
Bolingbroke, F., Esq., Thorpe
Bolingbroke, Horatio, Esq., agent for the Economic Life Assurance
Society, St. Giles’ street
Bone, Mrs. Mary, Cross street, St. Giles’ rd.
Booten, Benjamin, Paragon street
Branch, Mr. Thomas, Bethel street
Brock, Miss Ann, Willow lane
Brown, Mr. George, Upper St. Giles’
Brown, Rev. James, Broad street, St. Andrew’s
Browne, Mr. Nichols, Bracondale
Browne, Philip, Esq., Thorpe hamlet
Browne, William John Utton, Esq., the Crescent
Brown, Mr. William, Lower Close
Brownfield, John, Esq.  Newmarket road
Bugden, Mr. Thomas, Gildengate street
Bull, Miss Jane, the Crescent
Bunn, Mr. William, St. Catherine’s plain
Bunting, Mr. John, St. Giles’ road
Burgess, Mr. John, Lower Close
Burrell, Mr. William, New Catton
Bush, Mrs. Mary Ann, Prince’s street
Bush, Mr. Robert, Earlham terrace, St. Giles’ road
Butcher, Captain, Grove rd., New Lakenham
Butcher, Jeremiah, Esq., Newmarket road
Butten, Mrs. Mary, Mile lane, Newmarket road
Candler, Miss, Thorpe hamlet
Calvert, Rev. Thomas, Perpetual Curate of St. John’s Sepulchre, All
Saints’ green
Calton, Mr. John, Paragon street
Canham, Mrs., Grapes hill
Cannell, Mr. Henry, Newmarket road
Cannell, Mr. Nunn, Newmarket road
Capes, Mrs. Frances, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Carpenter, Mr. Philip, St. Benedict’s road
Carter, Miss Eliza, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Carter, Rev. George, Vicar of Trowse and Lakenham, Lower Close
Cater, Mr. William, St. Stephen’s gates
Cater, John, Esq., Town Close, Ipswich road
Cattermoul, Mrs. Sarah, St. Catherine’s pln.
Cavendish, Mrs. Mary, Crescent place
Chambers, Mrs. Grice, Upper Close
Chambers, Mrs. Mary, Theatre street
Chapman, Mrs. Jane Emily, Pottergate st.
Chittock, Mr. Timothy, Calvert street
Church, Mrs., Southern Buildings, Lady’s lane.
Churchman, Mrs. Sarah, Holl’s lane
Christie, Mr. T., Colegate street
Clarke, Richard Calver, Esq., the Crescent
Clayton, Rev. William Ray, Incumbent of Great Ryburgh, St. Giles’ street
Clifford Mrs., Earlham terrace, St. Giles’ road
Coaks, Richard, Esq., Golden Dog lane
Cobb, Rev. John Wm., Rector of St. Margaret’s, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s
road
Cockburn, Major James, Bracondale
Colby, Mrs. Elizabeth, St. Stephen’s square
Cole, Mrs. Ann, Thorpe hamlet
Cole, Miss, Lower Close
Coleman, Mrs. Sarah Ann, Thorpe hamlet
Collyer, Colonel Wm., E.I.C.S., Tombland
Colman, Mrs. James, Ipswich road
Colman, Mrs. Jeremiah, Newmarket road
Colman, Mr. Robert, Newmarket road
Colman, Mr. Thomas, Lame Dog road
Cook, Miss Charlotte, Thorpe hamlet
Cooper, Carlos, Esq., Barrister, Orford hill
Cooper, Miss Louisa, Thorpe hamlet
Cooper, Mrs. Sarah, Lower Close
Copeman, Dr., Bethel Street
Cope, Mrs. M., Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Cork, Mrs. S., Hampden place, Dereham road
Cousins, Mr. William, Bethel street
Cozens, Mrs. Mary Ann, Pitt street
Crane, Captain, Royal Navy, Dereham road terrace
Crane, Mr. Samuel, Chapman’s yard, St. Giles’ street
Crisp, James, Royal Navy, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Croker, John Michael, Esq., Newmarket road
Crook, William, Esq., Mile End lane, New
Crosse, Mrs. D. A., Orford hill
Cubitt, Miss, Lower Close
Cubitt, William, Esq., Gildengate street
Davis, Rev. David, Minister at the Octagon Chapel, Dereham road
Darkins, Mr. Canuel, St. Stephen’s road
Davey, Miss, Magdalen street
Davy, Mr. William P., Thurso place, Dereham road
Day, Miss E., Lower Close
Day, Miss Harriet, Pottergate street
Decaux, Mrs. Mary Ann, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Decaux, Mr. William, Adelaide buildings, Dereham road
Deeks, Mrs. Christiana, St. George’s middle street
Denny, Mrs. Sarah, Crescent place
Deuge, Mr. Isaac, Trafalgar place, Dereham road,
Doone, Miss, Lower close
Dove, Dr. Harry, Tombland
Devear, Mrs. Maria, Cow hill
Devereaux, Mrs. Mary, Adelaide buildings, Dereham road
Devear, Miss Ann, Cow hill
Devear, Mrs. Emma, Cow hill
Dewing, Mrs. Mary, St. Giles’ road
Dimond, Mrs., Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Diver, Mr., Rising Sun road
Dix, Miss Charlotte, Chapel Field grove
Dixon, Mrs. Emily, St. Catherine’s plain
Dixon, Mr. William, Valentine street
Dodman, Mr. John, Keyzor place, Holl’s ln.
Doughty, Mrs. Julia, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Drewell, Mrs. Mary Ann, All Saints’ green
Druery, Mr. J. H. E., Barrister, Cambrian place, Heigham road
Duckett, Mr. James, St. Giles’ hill
Durdin, Rev. Alexander Warham, Incumbent of St. George’s Colegate,
Unthank’s road
Dyson, Mr., Thorpe hamlet
Eaton, Thomas Damant, Esq., Chapel Field grove
Edgar, Mrs. Elizabeth, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Edwards, Mrs. Elizabeth, Newmarket road
Eldridge, Mr. James U., New Catton
Elliott, John, Esq., the Crescent
Ellis, Mrs. Mary, Gildengate street
Ellis, Mr. Richard, Chapel field
Elmer, Mr. James, New Catton
Enfield, Wm., Esq., Colegate street
English, Mr. Richard, Holl’s lane
Etheridge, Mrs. Elizabeth, Thorpe hamlet
Evans, Rev. Edward, Curate, St. Stephen’s, Surrey street
Evans, Mrs. Louisa, Upper Surrey street
Everett, Mr. Robert, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Fickling, Miss Caroline, Mile Lane, Newmarket road
Fisher, Mrs. Sarah, Distillery street
Fishwick, Rev. John, Catholic Priest, Willow lane
Fiske, Mrs. Hannah, Thorpe hamlet
Fitt, Mr. George, New road, Town close
Flower, Mrs. Frances, Chapel field
Ford, Mr. Robert, St. George’s plain
Foster, Mr. Samuel, Grove road, New Lakenham
Foster, Sir William, Bart., Thorpe hamlet
Foulger, Rev. William, M.A., Upper King street
Foulsham, Mr. Thomas, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Fox, Mr. William, Lame Dog road
Franklin, Mr. Charles, All Saints’ green
Franklin, Rev. Henry, rector of Barford, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Freeman, Mrs. J. C., Langham place, Dereham road
Frohawk, Mr. Nicholas, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Gardiner, Miss Anne, Newmarket terrace
Garrard, Miss Mary Sophia, Thorpe hamlet
Garwood, Mrs. S. A., New Catton
Geary, William, Esq., Gildengate street
Gibson, Misses E. and M., Lower close
Gibson, Mrs. Rosamond, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Girling, Mrs., Paragon street
Goddard, Mrs., Chapel field
Gooch, Mrs. Amelia, Newmarket road
Gooch, Mr. William, Unthank’s road
Goodwin, Mrs., Willow lane
Goodwin, Rev. William, Perpetual Curate, St. Benedict’s, Chapel field
Goose, Mrs. Hannah Maria, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Goots, Mrs. Elizabeth, St. Stephen’s road
Gould, Rev. George, Baptist Minister, St. Mary’s Chapel, Unthank’s road
Grand, Mr. John, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Grand, John, Esq., St. Giles’ street
Grant, Mr. George, William street
Greaves, Miss, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Grimmer, Mrs. Martha, Newmarket road
Grogan, Rev. George William, Incumbent, St. Matthew’s, Thorpe hamlet,
Lower close
Gunton, Mrs. Mary, St. Giles’ hill
Gurney, Mrs. Eliza P., Earlham road
Gurney, Rev. Thomas, Incumbent of All Saints’ Church, All Saints’ green
Habberton, Mrs. Elizabeth, Unthank’s road
Hall, Mr. Charles, Rose lane
Hall William, Esq., Ipswich road
Hallett, Rev. John, Congregational Minister, Old Meeting, Unthank’s road
Hallam, Mr. James, Keyzor’s terrace, Unthank’s road
Hammond, Mrs. Emily, Magdalen street
Hansell, Mrs. Mary, Lower close
Harmer, Mrs. Mary, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Harris, Mrs. Sophia Elizabeth, New road, Town close
Harrison, Miss Matilda, Unthank’s road
Harvey, Mr. James, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Harvey, Miss Mary Ann, Unthank’s road
Harvey, Robert John, Esq., banker, Bracondale
Hart, Mr. John, Chapel Field road
Hawkins, Miss Martha, Unthank’s road
Hawkes, Mr. William, Unthank’s road
Henley, Mrs., Newmarket road
Henley, William, Esq., Newmarket road
Herring, Miss Lucy, Bracondale
Hibgame, Major E. T., Rising Sun road
Hibgame, Rev. Edward, Rector, Fordham in Cambridgeshire, Lower close
Hickman, Mrs. E., Heigham terrace, St. Benedict’s road
Hill, Mrs. Frances, West Pottergate
Hill, Miss J., New Catton
Hill, Mrs. Mary, Thorpe hamlet
Hilling, Mrs., Hall lane, New Lakenham
Hinds, the Right Rev. Samuel, Lord Bishop of the Diocese, the Palace
Hogg, Mr. James, Distillery street
Holl, Mr. Robert Durrant, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Holloway, Rev. Charles, Rector of St. Simon and Jude, the Close
Holmes, Mr. Benjamin, New Catton
Hopson, Mrs. Charlotte, Castle meadow
Hoop, Mrs. Mary Ann, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Horn, Mr. Robert, Distillery street
Hornor, Charles, Esq., Saint Martin’s Palace plain
Hornor, Mr. William, New Catton
Hovell, Mr. Richard, Bloomsbury place, St. Benedict’s road
Howes, Mr. John, the Crescent
Hubbard, Mr. Arminger, West End terrace, Grapes’ hill
Hunt, Mrs. Harriet, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Hunter, Mr. John, Colegate street
Huson, Miss Mary, Crescent place
Hutton, Mrs. Elizabeth, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Ives, Captain Ferdinand, St. Catherine’s hill
Ives, Miss, the Crescent
Jackson, Mrs. Charlotte, Lame Dog road
Jackson, Mrs. Mary, Bracondale
Jay, Thomas, Esq., Heigham grove
Jay, Mrs. Charlotte, Newmarket road
Jay, Mrs. Hannah, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Jennings, Misses, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Johnson, J. G., Esq., Mayor of the City, St. Giles’ street
Johnson, Mrs., West Wymer street
Johnson, Mrs. Sarah, St. Stephen’s road
Kemp, Mr. Isaac, Rising Sun road
Kempster, Rev. John Joseph James, Countess of Huntingdon’s Connexion,
Tabernacle
Kent, Mrs. Catherine, William street
Kerrison, Mr. John Bitton, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Kerrison, Roger, Esq., Tombland
Kidsdale, Mr. A. T., St. Benedict’s road
King, Mr. Hammond, Newmarket road
King, Mr. John, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
King, Mr. Samuel, Chapel Field road
Kinnebrook, Mr. William, Earlham road
Kitmer, Miss Charlotte, Queen street
Kitson, John, Esq., Secretary to the Bishop, Thorpe hamlet
Ladell, William, Esq., Newmarket road
Laflin, Mr. Joseph, Laflin buildings, St. Benedict’s road
Lancey, Mrs., Bloomsbury place, Dereham road
Landy, Mrs. C., the Crescent
Langton, Mr. Edward, Bethel street
Layton, Mr., Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Laws, Mrs. Mary, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Leeds, Mrs. Julia, St. Giles’ street
Leggatt, Mr. Samuel, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Leist, Mrs., New Catton
Lindley, Miss, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Lister, Mrs., Bloomsbury place, St. Benedict’s road
Littlewood, Mrs. Sophia, St. Stephen’s road
Littlewood, Mr. Leonard, Colegate street
Lloyd, Mr. Francis, Hall road, New Lakenham
Lohr, Mrs. Eliza, Colegate street
Longe, Mrs. Mary, Crescent place
Lord, Mr. Aaron, Tudor cottage, Unthank’s road
Lowne, Mrs. Mary, Thorpe hamlet
Lynn, Mrs., Hall lane, New Lakenham
Mace, Mr. Joseph, Distillery street
Mackie, Mrs. Mary, Cambrian place, Heigham road
Mannering, Mrs., Thorpe hamlet
Mann, Rev. John, Wesleyan Minister, Rising Sun road
Marcon, Mrs. Jane, St. Giles’ street
Markland, Mrs. Elizabeth, Magdalen street
Marrison, Mrs., Thorpe hamlet
Mason, Miss Sophia Ann, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Massary, Mrs. Alfred, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Massey Thomas, Esq., Thorpe hamlet
Matthew, Captain Charles, Bracondale
Mayes, Mrs. Mary, William street
Mayes, Mrs. Margaret, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Marystone, Samuel, Esq., Lower close
Middleton, George, Esq., the Grove, Ipswich road
Middleton, John, Esq., Surrey street
Middleton, Mr. Thomas, St. Stephen’s gates
Miles, Mr. William, Bloomsbury place, St. Benedict’s road
Millard, W. S., Esq., Catton, near Norwich
Miller, Mrs. Mary, Grove place, New Lakenham
Miller, Mr. Robert L., Unthank’s road
Mills, Miss Mary, St. Stephen’s road
Mitchell, Mr. Samuel, Unthank’s road
Money, Miss, St. Catherine’s plain
Monument, Miss Ann, St. Stephen’s road
Moore, Mrs. Mary, Laurel cottage, Unthank’s road
Morland, Mrs. Amelia, Castle meadow
Morris, Mr., Thorpe hamlet
Morrish, Miss Emily, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Morse, Miss Emily, Lower close
Mott, Miss, Tombland
Muskett, Mrs. Emily, Thorpe hamlet
Muskett, Mrs., New Catton
Neave, Miss Matilda, Newmarket road
Neve, Mrs. Martha, Chapel Field road
Newbegin, Mrs. Sarah, Hay House, Unthank’s road
Newby, Mr. John, Holl’s lane
Newman, Mrs., Holl’s lane
Newson, Mrs. Allen, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Newton, Miss Charlotte, Albert place, St. Stephen’s square
Nichols, Mrs. Hannah, Chapel Field road
Nokes, Mr. William, Distillery street
Norris, Mrs. Lucy, Thorpe hamlet
Norton, Mr. John Culley, Westbourne terrace, Unthank’s road
Nursey, Mr. Richard, Chapel field road
Norton, Mrs. Phillis, Lower Goat lane
Oliver, Mr. John, Grove road, New Lakenham
Osborne, Rev. John Francis, Chaplain to the Norfolk & Norwich Hospital,
Newmarket road
Ostler, Mr. Charles, William street
Page, Edmund, Esq., Newmarket road
Painter, Miss Kate, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Palgrave, Mr. Thomas, Hall road, New Lakenham
Parr, William Burrell, Esq., Upper St. Giles’ street
Paul, Mrs. Elizabeth, St. Giles’ hill
Pearson, Rev. James, Rector of St. Edmund’s, St. Giles’ street
Pellew, the Hon. and Very Rev. George, D.D., Dean of Norwich, Deanery,
Lower close
Perowne, Rev. John, Upper Surrey street
Pettingill, Mrs. Sarah Ann, Chapel Field road
Phillips, Mrs. Dinah, William street
Phillippo, Matthias, Esq., Newmarket road
Pilgrim, Mr. John, Chapel field
Pitman, Mrs., Newmarket road
Plummer, Mr. Charles Taylor, Grove road, New Lakenham
Plummer, Mrs. Elizabeth, Lady’s lane
Plumtree, Mrs. Elizabeth, Lower close
Polding, Rev. John, Catholic Priest, Willow lane
Pole, Mrs. Ann, Bloomsbury place, St. Benedict’s road
Poole, Mrs. Mehetabel, Theatre street
Poole, Thomas, Esq., the Crescent
Pork, Mr. George, Dereham road terrace, Dereham road
Porter, Miss Rebecca, Thorpe hamlet
Postle, William, Esq., Chapel Field grove
Potter, Mrs. Ann, Newmarket road
Powell, Mrs. Anne, Theatre street
Power, Rev. Alexander Bath, Newmarket road
Pratt, Mrs., Newmarket road
Pratt, Robert, Esq., Newmarket road
Priest, Mr. George, St. Stephen’s road
Priest, Mrs. Lucilla, Keyzor’s terrace, Unthank’s road
Priest, Mrs. Sophia, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Pryse, Miss, All Saints’ green
Pulley, Mrs., Surrey street
Puxley, Mrs., All Saints’ green
Quintan, Capt. Saint James, Lower close
Ranking, W. H., Esq., M.D., Upper St. Giles’ street
Ransome, Mrs. Susan, Bracondale
Ray, Mr. Robert, Trafalgar place, New Lakenham
Ray, Mr. John, Rising Sun road
Raynes, Michael James, Esq., St. Giles’ road
Rayson, Mrs. Ann, St. Catherine’s plain
Rayson, Mrs. Mary, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Read, Miss Jane, Lady’s lane
Read, Trivett, Esq., Newmarket road
Read, Mr. Charles, Eaton cottage, Unthank’s road
Rees, Mrs. Charlotte, Front row, New Lakenham
Riches, William Daniel, Esq., the Crescent
Riches, Mrs. Joshua, Chapel field road
Rigg, Rev. Richard, Bethel street
Ringer, Mrs. R., Paragon street
Ringer, Miss Susan, St. Giles’ road
Rising, Miss Martha, Rowling’s buildings, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Rix, Henry, Esq., Golden Ball street
Robbins, Rev. William, Rector of Heigham, the Crescent
Roberts, Mr. B. M., Thorpe hamlet
Roberts, Mr. Joseph, Holl’s Jane
Roberts, Mrs., Thorpe hamlet
Robertson, Miss, Lower close
Robertson, Mrs. Phœbe, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Robinson, Henry William, Esq., St. Faith’s lane
Rolfe, Mrs. Harriet Ann, Lower close
Rose, P. W., Esq., St. Giles’ road
Royal, Mr. Daniel, Distillery street
Rust, Rev. Cyprian Thomas, Curate, St. Michael at Thorn, Surrey place,
New Lakenham
Sainty, Mrs. Mary, Bethel street
Sanders, Mr. John Clement, Mile lane, Newmarket road
Sayer, Misses, West Pottergate
Scott, Mrs. Ives, All Saints’ green
Scott, Rev. Thomas, Baptist Minister, Thorpe hamlet
Scott, Mr. William, Trafalgar place, New Lakenham
Seaward, Mr. George, St. Benedict’s road
Sedgwick, Rev. Richard, Rector, St. Giles’, Lower close
Seeley, Mr. William, St. Stephen’s road
Shalders, John, Esq., Bethel street
Sharpe, Rev. William Robert, Perpetual Curate, St. Gregory’s church
Sharton, Mrs. Mary, Chapel field
Shickle, Mrs., the Crescent
Shirley, Mr. Thomas, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Sillett, Mr. James B., All Saints’ green
Simmons, Mrs., Rowling’s buildings, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Sizeland, Mr. Adam, Bethel street
Smith, Capt. Alexander, New road, Town close
Smith, Edward, Esq., Calvert street
Smith, Mrs. E., Grove road, New Lakenham
Smith, Mrs. G. W., St. Giles’ street
Smith, Mr. J. D., Magdalen street
Smith, Mrs. Rebecca, St. Stephen’s road
Smith, Mr. William Lyall, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Smith, Mr. Baker, Hall road, New Lakenham
Snape, Mrs. Jane, St. Giles’ street
Sothern, Miss Hannah, Lady’s lane
Sougher, Mr. Sherlock, Bloomsbury place, Dereham road
South, Mr. George, Unthank’s road
Sowels, Mr. John, Paragon street
Sowels, Mrs. Mary, William street
Spelman, Mrs., Heigham grove, St. Giles’ road
Spelman, Miss Jane, Holl’s lane
Spinks, Mr. John, Valentine street
Spratt, Mrs. Emma, Albert terrace, Unthank’s road
Spratt, Mr. James, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Standard Cubitt, Esq., St. George’s plain
Stebbings, Mrs. Ann, Newmarket road
Stedman, Mr. Charles, Heigham terrace, St. Benedict’s road
Steel, Mrs. Margaret, Pitt street
Steel, Mr. Henry, Rising Sun road
Stephen, Mrs. Sophia, Paragon street
Steward, Timothy, Esq., Unthank’s road
Steward, Mrs. Elizabeth, Bracondale
Stewardson, Mr. Edward, St. Giles’ road
Stocks, Rev. Edward, Newmarket road
Stark, William, Esq., St. George’s plain
Suckling, Mr. Morris, Distillery street
Sudbury, Mr. Thomas, Mile lane, Newmarket road
Suffield, Mrs. Elizabeth, Thorpe hamlet
Swann, Mrs. Ann, St. Martin’s palace
Symonds, Rev. Henry, Minor Canon, Cathedral, Lower close
Talbot, Mrs. Anne, Lower close
Tattan, Mr. Charles, William street
Taylor, Mrs. George, Newmarket road
Taylor, Mrs. J., Surrey street
Taylor, Mrs., Mile-end cottage, Newmarket road
Taylor, Mrs. Mary, Bank street
Taylor, Rev. Arthur, Surrey street
Tebble, Mrs. Thomas, Hall lane, Lakenham
Thirtle, Mrs. Elizabeth, Heigham terrace
Thompson, Mrs. J., St. Benedict’s road
Thompson, Mr. Robert, Calvert street, St. Saviour’s
Thorold, Mr. William, Thorpe hamlet
Thurtell, Mr. Thomas, Hall road, New Lakenham
Thurston, Mr. Samuel William, Duke’s Palace road
Titlow, Rev. Samuel, A.M., Rector of St. Peter at Hungate, the Crescent
Tolson, Mrs., London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Trory, Mr. William, Unthank’s road
Trimmer, Rev. Kirby, Rector, St. George’s Tombland, the Close
Turner, Charles, Esq., the Crescent
Turner, Rev. Charles, A.M., Incumbent of St. Peter’s Mancroft, the
Crescent
Turner, Mr. William, Heigham road
Unthank, William Clement, Esq., Unthank’s road
Varlow, Miss Charlotte, Tombland
Venning, John, Esq., Surrey house, Surrey street
Vincent, Rev. Charles, D.D., Grammar School, the Close
Wade, Rev. R., Christ’s church, New Catton
Ward, Mr. John, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Ward, Miss, St. Catherine’s plain
Warner, Mrs. Jane, Front row, New Lakenham
Warren, Mr. Benjamin, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Warren, Mr. Thomas, Albert place, St. Stephen’s square
Warren, Mr. William, Bracondale
Wassar, Mrs. M. A., Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Watts, Mrs., the Crescent
Watts, Mr. James, Rising Sun road
Watten, Mrs. Juliet, St. Catherine’s plain
Webster, Mr. Hammond, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Webster, Mr. Thomas, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Wells, Mrs. Ruth, Castle hill
Whaites, Mr. Robert, Newmarket road
Wheeler, Rev. Thomas A., St. Clement’s chapel, Golden-dog lane
Wheelhouse, Mr. William, St. Giles’ road
White, Mrs. Rebecca, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Whitred, Mrs. Mary, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Wilde, Mr. Stephen, Unthank’s road
Wilde, Mr. William, St. Stephen’s road
Wilkinson, Benjamin, Esq., Newmarket road
Willett, Mrs. John, Newmarket road
Willins, Mrs. Eliza, Westbourne terrace, Unthank’s road
Williams, Mrs. Sarah, Lame Dog road
Willison, Mr. Robert, Albert terrace, Unthank’s road
Winter, Mr. Ambrose, Cambrian place, Heigham road
Wiseman, Mr. Samuel, Gildengate street
Witting, Mr. Peter, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Wodderspoon, Mr. John, Lower close
Womack, Mr. George, Thurso place, Dereham road
Woodcock, Henry, Esq., St. Giles’ street
Woodcock, Thomas, Esq., Surrey road
Wodehouse, Rev. Charles Norse, Canon of Norwich Cathedral, Upper close
Woodrow, Mr. John, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Woods, Mr. Alexander, Somerset place, Holl’s lane
Woods, Miss, Crescent place
Woodward, Mrs. Elizabeth, Point-house cottage, Ipswich road
Wollaston, Mr. Drewry Ottley, Brunswick house, Newmarket road
Wright, Mrs. Harriet, the Close
Youngs, Mrs. Elizabeth, Unthank’s road
Young, Mrs. Frances, Chapel field



ALPHABETICAL LIST OF TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abbott, Edward Jesse, draper, hosier, haberdasher, &c., St. Stephen’s
street
Abbott, William, boot and shoe manufacturer, wholesale and retail,
Magdalen street
Abrahams, S. S. and B., watch makers, Bethel street
Abel, Cain, whip manufacturer, Golden Ball lane
Abel, George, broker, Ber street
Abel, Frederick, brush maker, Unthank’s road
Abel, William, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Abel, John, the Rising Sun, horse breaker, Rising Sun road
Abel, Daniel, upholsterer and cabinet maker, Pottergate street
Adams, William, George and the Dragon, Cowgate street
Alborough, Edmund, shopkeeper, Pottergate street
Aldhouse, Anne, broker, St. Augustine’s street
Aldous, John Tunget, baker, Trory street, New Lakenham
Aldous, Charles and John, builders, St. Stephen’s street
Aldous, James, grocer and tea dealer, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Alden, Edward, baker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Alden, Robert, carriage lamp maker and brazier, St. Stephen’s plain
Aldis, James, plasterer, Prince’s street
Aldis, Jane, staymaker, Prince’s street
Aldrich, Ewing, shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Aldrich, John, grocer and draper, West Pottergate
Aldridge, John, grocer, Church street, New Lakenham
Alexander, Henry, baker, Heigham street
Alexander, John, bookseller, &c., Middle street, St. George’s
Allan, Henry, corn merchant, Distillery street
Allen and Co., woollen drapers and tailors, Upper London street and Bank
plain
Allcock, Trivett, private lodgings, Upper King street
Allen, Bryant, dyer, Scoles’ green
Allen, George, manufacturer, St. Stephen’s street
Allen, John, guard to the Eastern Counties’ railway, Thorpe hamlet
Allen, Mary Ann and Charles, boot and makers, Brigg’s street
Allen, Robert, gardener, Grove place, New Lakenham
Allington, John (late Diver), family grocer, Upper walk, Market place
Allison, Sophia, working cutler, Upper market
Allman, George, cordwainer, King street
Allthorpe, James, retailer in beer, King street
Allured James, general outfitter and water-prover, St. John’s Timberhill
Allwood, Thomas, sub-sacrist, Lower close
Ames, Francis, green grocer, St. Benedict’s road
Ames, James, bootmaker, St. Benedict’s street
Ames, Robert, Bear inn, Market place
Ames, Thomas, watchmaker, West Wymer street
Amies, Benjamin, glover and hair dresser, St. Catherine’s plain
Amies, John, carpenter, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Amies, John, the Hoop, St. Stephen’s road
Anderson, George, publisher, agent for Blackie and Son, St. Giles’ street
Anderson, Joseph, baker, Pump street
Andrews, Brothers, druggists, Bridge street
Andrews, Mrs. Emily, milliner and dressmaker, West Pottergate
Andrews and French, soap boilers, Fishgate street
Andrews, George, labourer, Chapman’s yard, St. Giles’ street
Andrews, Richard, estate agent, Lame Dog road
Andrews, Richard, wire worker, St. Miles’ street
Andrews, William, draper, St. Stephen’s street
Andrews, William, horse breaker, Westlegate street
Annison, Robert, shopkeeper, Globe street, Union place
Anns, C., lace dealer, Upper market
Anthony, William, wine and spirit merchant, Upper market
Archer, Elizabeth, Coachmakers’ Arms, St. Stephen’s gates
Archer, Henry, baker, Ber street
Archer, Samuel, shopkeeper, Peacock street
Arle, John, Combers’ Arms, Magdalen street
Armes, Amelia, dress maker, Surrey road
Armes, Daniel, Queen Adelaide, West-end street
Armes, Frederick Thomas, Rose and Thistle, Barn road
Armes, Robert, currier, h St. Giles’ street
Armes, William, Cow and Hare, Heigham street
Armiston, Edward, clerk to the Eastern Counties’ station, h Thorpe hamlet
Armstrong, Henry, draper, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Armstrong, William, draper, St. Benedict’s road
Arnold, Edward, wholesale and family chemist, Orford hill
Arnold, Maria, brewer and wine merchant, St. Margaret’s plain
Arnup, Thomas, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Artis, Francis, baker, Castle meadow
Ashen, Robert, brazier, St. Stephen’s
Asker, Eliza, Swan Hotel, Upper market
Asker, Jane Harriet, glove manufacturer and hosier, Gentlemen’s walk,
Market place
Asker, Samuel Hurry, solicitor, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ street; h Chapel
field grove
Ashford, Henry, Chronicle office, Market place
Athow, Edward John, wine and spirit merchant, Castle street
Atkins, Henry, Free-trade tavern, St. Augustine’s street
Atkins, Thomas, the Shuttle, Heigham street
Atkinson, John Goldsmith, solicitor, agent to the Church of England Life
and Fire Assurance Society, Post-office street
Atkinson, Richard, builder and carpenter, Bethel street
Atthill, Henry, deputy chief constable county police, St. Stephen’s
square
Attle, Samuel, Foresters’ Arms, Ber street
Augood, Henry, fish dealer, Rising Sun lane
Austrin, Mrs. A., linen draper, hosier, and haberdasher, Orford hill
Avey, Thomas, grocer and tea dealer, Ber street
Aylmer, John, Waggon and Horses, Tombland
Back and Co., grocers and tea dealers, 3, Haymarket
Back and Co., wine and spirit merchants, 4, Haymarket
Bacon, David, Horse and Groom, Castle street
Bacon, Josiah Newbegin, rope and sacking manufacturer, Davey place
Bacon, Richard, proprietor and publisher of the _Norwich Mercury_, London
street
Bagshaw, Joseph, fish salesman and game dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Bagshaw, George, fishmonger, St. Miles’ street
Bagshaw, Esther, marine dealer, King street
Bailey, Elijah Crozier, solicitor and clerk to the board of guardians,
Little Orford street
Bailey, John, hair dresser, West Pottergate
Bailey, Isaac, builder, West Pottergate
Baker, Charles, tea dealer, and register office for servants, Redwell
street
Baker, Mrs., corset and bandage maker, chest expanders, &c., St.
Benedict’s road
Baker, George, ironmonger, &c., h Heigham road
Baker and Hornor, furnishing and wholesale ironmongers, oil and colour
merchants, tin, copper, zinc, and iron-plate workers, Post Office street
Baker, Henry, classical academy, Rising Sun road
Baker, James, Bess of Bedlam, St. Martin’s at Oak
Baldry, William, land surveyor, St. Stephen’s road
Baldwin, Henry, baker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Baldwin, John, fishmonger, William street
Baldwin, William, brewer, St. Giles’ hill
Bales, George, butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Bales, Jonathan, Wine Coopers’ Arms, St. Augustine’s street
Balls, Benjamin, carpenter, Pottergate street
Balls, Daniel, builder, West Pottergate
Balls, Frederick, the Victory, Rampant Horse street
Balls, James, coal merchant, City road Heigham fields
Balls, James, Green Dragon, Little London street
Baly, William, accountant, Thorpe hamlet
Bancalari, Dominico, green grocer, Ber str.
Banham, Henry, blacksmith, Holl’s lane
Banham and Scotter, boot and shoe makers, Wensum street
Banks, William, woollen draper, Earlham terrace, St. Giles’ road
Barber, Charles James, accountant, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Barber, Frederick W. shoemaker, Somerset place, Holl’s lane
Barber and Co., shoe manufacturers, Rampant Horse street
Barber, James, clerk, New Catton
Barber, John and Sons, merchants, Haymarket
Barber, J. L. and Co., cotton manufacturers, St. Martin’s lane
Barber, Sarah, the Three Tuns, King street
Barber, William, bricklayer, St. Martin’s at Palace
Barclay, Arthur Kett, licensed maltster, King street gates
Bardwell, Everett, solicitor, Lower close
Bardwell, George S., accountant, house, estate insurance, and loan and
share agent, Newmarket road
Bardwell, M. G., printer and publisher, Goodman’s yard, St. Stephen’s
street
Bardwell, William, baker, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Barker, Benjamin, boot and shoe manufactory, Orford hill, h Hall road,
New Lakenham
Barker, George, hosier, &c., h Thorpe hamlet
Barker, Robert, plumber, glazier, and painter, St. John’s Timberhill
Barking, James, boot maker, St. Benedict’s street
Barking, Thomas, carpenter and builder, Pottergate street
Barley, Christopher, spirit merchant, Bridewell alley
Barlow, Janet, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Barlow, George, George inn, Hay hill
Barnaby, Swash, hair dresser, St. James’ str.
Barnard, Charles, the Champion, Chapel field road
Barnard and Bishop, ironmongers and iron founders, 3, Gentlemen’s walk,
Market place, Calvert street, and Norfolk Iron works, St. Miles’ bridge
Barnard, Charles, ironfounder, Gildengate street
Barnard, Dennis, auctioneer, Castle street; h Bracondale
Barnard, John, game dealer, Fye bridge
Barnard and Boulton, manufacturing, furnishing, and general ironmongers,
London and Castle streets
Barnard, Stephen, last maker, St. Mary’s street
Barnes, Charles, printer, St. George’s plain
Barnes, Edward Ramsbottom, baker, St. Miles’ Thorn lane
Barnes, Fidda, steward to Mr. Girling, Earlham road
Barnes, John, iron and brass founder, St. Miles’ foundry
Barnes, John, boot and shoe maker, St. James’ street
Barnes, John Edward, West-end Retreat, Holl’s lane
Barnes, Matthew, bricklayer, &c., Rowling’s buildings, Cross street, St.
Giles’ road
Barnes, Richard, commercial traveller, Distillery street
Barnes, Mary, Woolpack inn, St. George’s plain
Barnham, James, solicitor; offices, Rampant Horse street; h Grove
cottage, St. Stephen’s road
Barnsdale, Ann, Orphan school, Pottergate street
Barton, Henry, commercial traveller, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Barwell and Son, importers of foreign wines and spirits, dealers in Bass’
Burton ales, Scotch ales, London and Irish stout, St. Stephen’s street
Barwell and Sons, importers of foreign wines and spirits, porter agents
and seed merchants, St. Andrew’s hill and London street
Barwell, John, spirit merchant, Surrey street
Bassham, Mrs., day school, St. Giles’ hill
Bateman and Co., tea dealers, A 1, London street and Swan lane
Bateman, Frederick, M.D., surgeon, St. Giles’ street
Bateman, John, silk merchant, Pottergate street
Batley, Richard, shopkeeper, St. Catherine’s plain
Batley, William, chair manufacturer, Lower Westwick street
Batson, Edward, corn and seed merchant, Magdalen street
Batson, John, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Baxter, Benjamin, chemist, St. Benedict’s street
Battram, William, Cock, Old Lakenham
Bavin, John, straw bonnet, millinery, and lace warehouse, London street
Baxter, Benjamin, shopkeeper, St. Paul’s street
Baxter, Neville Plummer, fireworks artist, Brazen Doors road
Baxter, Maria, baker, Brazen Doors road
Baxter, Robert, Wheatsheaf inn, Bethel street
Bayes, Elizabeth and Sons, wholesale hat and cap manufacturers, and
manufacturers of waterproof clothing, tailors and woollen drapers, Red
Lion street and Orford hill
Bayes, William, furrier, St. Martin’s at Oak
Bayfield and Son, ironmongers, Magdalen street
Bayfield, Mrs. J. F., register office for male and female servants, St.
Stephen’s road
Baylis, James, crape manufacturer, Thorpe hamlet
Baylis, Andrew, shopkeeper, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Baylis, Henry, accountant, Pottergate street
Bealby, Robert, grocer, William street
Beales, Mary, basket warehouse, Tombland
Bean, Francis, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, Market place
Beare, Samuel Shalders, wholesale leather merchant and currier, Bridge
street; h Town close
Beaty, Henry, decorative painter, Little London street
Beatley and Son, hat and cap manufacturers, hosiers, and outfitters,
London street
Beck, Samuel, coffee and eating-house, Castle hill
Beckham, Benjamin, Shoulder of Mutton, St. Stephen’s street
Beckwith, Augustus Adolphus Hamilton, solicitor, Palace street
Beddingfield, Nelson, licensed to let gigs and horses for hire,
Westlegate street
Beddingfield, John, commercial traveller, All Saints’ green
Bedford, Philip, ironmonger and tin-plate worker, Pottergate street, h
Thorpe hamlet
Beeston, Margaret, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Beeton, Samuel, Curriers’ Arms, St. Giles’ street
Beeton, John, Wild Man inn, St. Andrew’s hill
Beha, Lickert, and Co., watch and clock makers, jewellers, &c., St.
Stephen’s plain
Belding, William, wholesale grocer and tea dealer, Magdalen street; h New
Catton
Bell, J. Crawford, surgeon, Prince’s street
Bell, George, builder, Peacock street
Bell, John, Sir John Barleycorn, Cowgate street
Bell, John, Old Cat and Fiddle, Botolph street
Bell, Matthew, Lock and Key, Ber street
Bell, Michael, grocer, Ber street
Bell, Robert, clock and watch maker, Davey place
Bell, Stephen, brewer, Carrow hill
Bellamy, William, schoolmaster, Lower close
Boloe, Henry, silk finisher, St. Benedict’s road
Belson, Robert Howes, plumber and glazier, King street
Bending, Thomas Firth, boarding school, Magdalen street
Benest, Edward E., city surveyor, New Catton
Benest, J. S., civil engineer, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Bennett, Daniel, baker, Ber street
Bennett, James and Son, tailors and drapers, Wensum street Tombland, h
Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Bennett, John, shopkeeper, Church street, St. Miles’.
Bennett, Robert, jun., baker, West Pottergate
Bennett, Sarah, milliner and dress maker, Botolph street
Bennett, William, baker, Cowgate street
Bennett, William, commercial hotel and boarding house, Exchange street
Bennett and Bream, wholesale grocers and tea dealers, Upper market
Bensley, William, shopkeeper, Union place
Benslyn, Thomas, confectioner, Pottergate street
Berry, John George, baker, Ber street
Betts, Charles, Lord John Russell, St. Benedict’s road
Betts, James, wheelwright, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Betts, John, register office for servants, Castle meadow
Betts, John, Bakers’ Arms, St. Mary’s street
Betts, John, linen and woollen draper, silk mercer, and outfitter, Market
place and Exchange street
Betts, John, grocer and tea dealer, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Belts, Thomas, French Horn, Pottergate street
Bexfield, Benjamin, gentlemen’s day school, Lady’s lane
Bexfield, Christiana Mrs., milliner and dress maker, Lady’s lane
Bexfield, James, shopkeeper, Rising Sun lane
Bianchi, Giovanni, figure and model maker, Bridge street
Bilby, Thomas, agent to the People’s Provident and Traveller’s Marine
Insurance Company, St. Catherine’s plain
Bilby, Walter, cattle dealer, New Catton
Bilby, William, hair cutter, Pitt street
Bingham, Thomas, tailor and draper, Post-office street
Birch, Isaac, clerk to the Unity Fire office, St. Giles’ street, h King
street gates
Bird, Jane, shirt and collar maker, St. John’s Timberhill
Bishop, George, draper, silk mercer, and baby linen warehouse, Haymarket
Bishop, John, ironfounder, h Foundry road
Black & Co., confectioners and fruiterers, Haymarket, Market place
Blackburn, Edward, shopkeeper, Pottergate street
Blackburn, J. R., currier, St. Stephen’s plain
Blackbourne, William Berry, Victoria Gardens, St. Stephen’s gates
Blake, Benjamin, butcher, Lower Westwick street
Blake, E., & R. W., yarn manufacturers, St. Edmund’s
Blake, Francis John, solicitor, Upper King street
Blake, George, brick manufacturer and merchant, Brazen Doors road; h
Newmarket road
Blake, James, Pheasant Cock, St. Catherine’s plain
Blake, John Joseph, solicitor, Palace street
Blake and Everitt, finishers, Gildengate street
Blake, Robert Wiffen, wool spinning factory, Old Lakenham and Fishgate; h
Colegate street
Blake, Robert, soap boiler, h Newmarket road
Blake, Samuel, butcher, Bridewell alley
Blakely, Edward, silk mercer, shawlman, draper, &c., Queen street
Blakely, Miss, ladies’ boarding school, Lower close
Blakely, Misses, ladies’ boarding school, St. Andrew’s broad street
Blanch, John, London Steam Packet inn, St. Catherine’s plain
Blanchflower, William, Cock inn, Upper St. Giles’
Blandon, William, draper, Ber street
Blazeby, James, cabinet maker, Bethel street
Blazeby, John, turner, Globe lane
Blazeby, Thomas, wine tavern, St. Benedict’s street
Blazeby, William, whitesmith, Scoles’ green
Blazer, Robert, butcher, Regent street, Union place
Blazey, Walter, Golden Fleece, Fishgate street
Bleakley, Elijah, surgeon, St. Andrew’s broad street
Bliss, Joseph James, chemist and dentist, Magdalen street
Bloch, Israel, jeweller, Pottergate
Blofield, Thomas, ironmonger, Bridewell alley; h William street
Blogg, William, day school, Upper King street
Bloom, Thomas, carpenter, St. Giles’ road
Bloomfield, George, Norfolk and Norwich chop house, Upper market
Bloomfield, George, coffee and eating house, Castle street
Blyth, Edwin Arthur, dyer, Sussex street, St. Augustine’s
Blyth, Francis, engineer, h Trafalgar place, New Lakenham
Blyth, James, bushel manufacturer, New Catton
Blyth, John, shopkeeper, Prince’s street
Blyth, John, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Blyth, John, bricklayer, William street
Blyth, John, shoemaker, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Blyth, Jonas Norman, fishmonger, St. Benedict’s street
Blyth, Joshua, shopkeeper, World’s-end lane
Blyth, Mary, baker, Barrack street
Blythe, Mary Ann, Artichoke, Magdalen st.
Blyth, Robert, iron founder, Westlegate str.
Blythe, Thomas, wheelwright, St. Augustine’s street
Blyth, Sarah, green grocer, St. Miles’ street
Blyth, William B., bootmaker, Bethel street
Blyth, William, timber and slate merchant, St. Faith’s lane
Boardman, Brothers, wholesale tea, coffee, and spice merchants, Cundall’s
court, Gentleman’s walk
Boardman, Alfred, grocer, tea and coffee dealer, Davey place
Boardman, James Theobald, tea merchant, Newmarket road
Boardman and Sursham, family ale brewers, corn and coal merchants, Wensum
street
Boast, John, shoemaker, Lower Westwick street
Bolingbroke and Company, ale and porter stores, Bank plain
Bolingbroke, C. and F., manufacturers of paramattas, poplins, &c.,
Colegate street
Bolingbroke, Charles Nathaniel, manufacturer, St. Giles’ street
Bolingbroke, George Errington, Norwich Wine Company, Upper St. Giles’
street
Bond, Joseph Daines, tailor and draper, Davey place; h Upper Goat lane
Bond, William, tailor and hatter, Upper London street
Bond, Thomas William, Publisher of the _Norfolk News_, Bedford place,
Unthank’s road
Bone, Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, Lady’s lane
Bone, Francis, baker, St. Benedict’s street
Bone, Nicholas, toll collector, Lady’s lane
Booth, Thomas Henry, Shakespeare tavern, Colegate street
Booty, Horace John, schoolmaster, Thorpe hamlet
Booty, John, gardener, St. Stephen’s road
Borking, Thomas, tailor, Willow lane
Borrett, William, dealer in tobacco, cigars, and snuff, Bridge street,
St. Lawrence
Bassey, Robert, King’s Head, Magdalen str.
Baston, William, boot and shoe maker, Castle street
Boswell, John, smith and bell hanger, St. Andrew’s hill
Boswell, Thomas, toy and carriage manufacturer, St. John’s Maddermarket
Boswell, William, carver, gilder, and looking-glass manufacturer,
Magdalen street
Boulger, Joseph Patrick, surgeon dentist, Willow lane
Boulton, Edward, shopkeeper, Gildengate street
Boulton, Richard, gardener, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Boulton, William Staples, ironmonger, &c. h the Crescent
Boughton, Samuel, glover and hair dresser, Red Lion street
Bowen, Sarah, Albion Tavern, Heigham street
Bowers, William, plumber and glazier, Pottergate street
Bowes, William, harness maker, St. Benedict’s street
Bowgen, John Hart, coal merchant, Victoria spirit vaults, Lower Westwick
street
Bowhill, Henry, broker, St. Andrew’s broad street
Bowhill, O. H., shoe manufacturer, Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Bowthorpe, William, boot and shoe maker, Unthank’s road
Boyce, James, Lord Raglan, Barrack road
Boyce, John, commercial traveller, Chapel field road
Boyden, Eliza, seminary, Pottergate street
Boyles, Robert, Jubilee inn, Ber street
Bradfield, James, patten and clog manufacturer, Little London street
Brady, Mary, seminary, Pottergate street
Branch, George, cutler, and manufacturer of surgical and dental
instruments, Golden Ball street
Brandford, Benjamin, maltster, Thorpe hamlet
Bray, Charles, White Lion inn, White Lion street
Bray, Richard, tailor and draper, St. Giles’ street; h Mount Pleasant,
Unthank’s road
Brazell, Richard, the Half Moon, Upper market
Bream, Charles John, wholesale grocer, Upper Market place
Breeze Robert, sadler and harness maker, Magdalen street
Brennan, Elizabeth, haberdasher and Berlin repository, Upper London
street
Brett, Elethea, the Portland Arms, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Brett Isaac, boot and shoe maker, Upper King street
Brett, Thomas, shopkeeper, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Brewster, James, Upper market, butcher
Bridges, John, butcher, Heigham street
Bridgman, William Kencely, dentist, St. Giles’ street
Briggs, John, the Waterman, St. Margaret’s plain
Briggs, Samson, tailor and clothes renovator, Golden Ball street
Brighten, Charles George, confectioner and dealer in tea, and branch
post-office, St. Stephen’s gates
Brighten, Maria, milliner and dress maker, Bethel street
Brightwell and Son, solicitors, Surrey street
Brightwell, Thomas, jun., solicitor, St. Giles’ street
Brinkely, James, Southgate lane, Front row, New Lakenham
Bristoe, Mary, Market Lane tavern, Market lane
Britcher, Thomas, bricklayer, Pottergate street
Brittain, James, railway agent, Heigham road
Brock, Margaret, baker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Brock, Samuel, baker, St. Augustine’s street
Brooks, Cooper, currier, &c., St. Stephen’s plain
Brooks, Henry, plasterer and bricklayer, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Brooks, James, builder, Tabernacle street
Brooks, James, leather seller, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Brooks, John, shoeing smith, All Saints’ street
Brooks, Thomas, builder, Bridge street; h Thorpe hamlet
Browe, Christopher, bricklayer, Front row, New Lakenham
Brown, Abraham, painter, Chapman’s yard, St. Giles’ street
Brown, Alfred Hall, trimming, wool, and haberdashery warehouse, London
street
Brown and Bailey, builders, West Pottergate street
Brown and Edwards, Misses, furriers, Castle meadow
Brown, Frederic, tailor, &c., Colegate street
Brown, George, clothier, Bridge street
Brown, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, agent to the Alliance Fire and Life
Assurance Company, Gentlemen’s walk, Market place
Brown, John, baker and shopkeeper, Philadelphia
Brown, John, carpenter, West Pottergate
Brown, Maria, millinery establishment, Bridge street
Brown, Robert, bone crasher, bone mills, St. Benedict’s lane, h Unthank’s
road
Brown, Rose Ann, Corn Exchange tavern, Little London street
Brown, Sarah, dyer and dresser, Tombland
Brown, William, shopkeeper, St. Margaret’s
Brown, William, brazier, St. Miles’ street
Brown, William, Queen Victoria inn, Magdalen street
Browne and Barker, hatters and hosiers, London street
Browne, Barnabas, baker, City road
Browne, Charles, provision dealer, and ham and bacon curer, St. Stephen’s
street
Browne, David, seed establishment, wholesale and retail, Upper London
street, and Sprowston
Browne, Frederick, merchant, King street
Browne, George Augustus, merchant, Bracondale
Browne, George, Unicorn, St. Stephen’s street
Browne, Hill, grocer and tea dealer, Ber street
Browne, Henry, Ten Bells, St. Benedict’s street
Browne, Henry, White Rose tavern, Back of the Inns
Britcher, Charles, plasterer, Pitt street
Browne, John, Adelphi inn, White Lion street
Brown, John, architect and surveyor, Upper King street
Browne, John and Sons, wholesale bar and pig-iron merchants, general
ironmongers, Upper market
Browne, Joseph, tobacco pipe maker, St. Stephen’s street
Browne, Joseph, match manufacturer, Silver street
Browne, Maria, baker, St. Swithin’s
Browne, Mary Ann, Royal Oak, St. Augustine’s street
Browne, Robert, green grocer, Botolph street
Browne, Thomas, green grocer, King street
Browne, Thomas, fishmonger, Fish market
Browne, William, land surveyor and estate agent, St. Andrew’s Broad
street
Browne, John, shopkeeper and blacksmith, Barrack street
Browne, William, clerk of St. Stephen’s parish, Lame Dog road
Browne, Samuel, wholesale and retail grocer and tea dealer, St. Martin’s
at Palace
Browne, William, merchant’s clerk, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Brownsell, William, Pope’s Head, Upper market
Bruff, Robert, beer retailer, Charing cross
Brunning, John, flyman, St. Catherine’s plain
Bryan, Mary, fancy repository and Berlin warehouse, Haymarket
Bryant, Samuel, the Toper, St. Michael’s at Thorn lane
Bryant, Thomas Reynolds, medical galvanist, Pottergate street
Buck, Charles Harrison, boot and shoemaker, Back of the Inns
Buck, William, tailor, Upper Goat lane
Buck, Zachariah, Mus. Doc, organist of the cathedral, the Close
Bugg, Isaac, solicitor, Surrey street
Buckenham, John Charles, watch and clock maker, Tombland
Bullard, Richard, Anchor Brewery, St. Miles’ bridge; h St. Giles’ street
Bullard, Robert, orange merchant, Swan lane
Bullard, William, Windsor Castle, Silver road
Bullen, Mary, milliner, &c., London street
Bullen, William, hairdresser and green grocer, Golden Ball street
Bultitude, Edward, cabinet maker, Charing cross
Bunn, John, architect and surveyor, Pottergate street
Bunn, Thomas, butcher, Distillery street
Bunn, Thomas, grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Bunnett, Edward, professor of music, Upper close
Bunting, James, Earl of Leicester, Brazen Doors road
Bunting, James, shopkeeper, St. Mary’s
Bunting, John, shopkeeper, St. Mary’s street
Burch, Conrade, fruiterer, West-end street
Burcham, Samuel, ironmonger, oil, and colourman, Charing cross
Burdett, Jonathan, brewer, the Dial, Dereham road
Burgess, Richard, Fishmongers’ Arms, Fish market
Burman, Henry, basket maker, St. Mary’s street
Burrage, Frederick Joseph, academy, Golden Dog lane
Burrage, Edward, confectioner, bread and biscuit baker, Upper St. Giles’
Burrage, Edwin, confectioner, Elm hill
Burrage, John, tailor and draper, Davey place, h St. Benedict’s road
Burrage and Jeffries, tailors, clothiers, and hatters, Davey place
Burrage, Sarah, school mistress, Upper Surrey street
Burrage, Susannah, agent for Rose and Company, tea dealer, Little Orford
street
Burrage, William, the Plasterers’ Arms, Cowgate street
Burrell, Benjamin, carver and builder, King street
Burrell, Jane, tripe dresser, St. Michael’s at Thorn lane
Burrell, John, horse-hair manufacturer, Gildengate street
Burrell, Robert, Rose tavern, St. Martin’s at Oak
Burrell, Thomas, Fireman’s Arms, Church street, St. Miles’
Burrell, William, green grocer, Cowgate street
Burrows, Anthony, shopkeeper, St. Paul’s street
Burrows, George Crisp, general agency and emigration office, Post-office
street, h Palace plain
Burrows, Mary, Jolly Dressers, St. George’s plain
Burrows, Robert, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Burrows, William, Duncan Arms, Magdalen street
Burton, Frederic Charles, professor of music, St. Stephen’s road
Burton, William, the Boatswain’s Call, St. Augustine’s street
Burwood, John, commercial traveller, Langham place, Dereham road
Bush, Edward, watch and clock maker, Union place
Bush, George, fancy repository, Briggs’ street
Bush, Rebecca, Alma tavern, Pottergate street
Bush, Thomas, the Globe, bricklayer and plasterer, Globe street, Union
place
Bushell, James, wine merchant’s clerk, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Bushell, William, butcher, Norfolk street, Union place
Bushnell, Joseph, general shopkeeper, Suffolk street, Union place
Bussey, Benjamin, shopkeeper, Gildengate street
Butcher, Robert, wholesale grocer, tea dealer, and cheese factor, Bank
plain; h Newmarket road
Butcher, John, fishmonger, Ber street
Butcher, Simon, broker, St. Augustine’s street
Butcher, Simon, shopkeeper, Pitt street
Butcher, William, auctioneer, Theatre street
Butcher, Walter Wilton, Red-house inn, St. John’s Timberhill
Butler, James, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Butler, James, green grocer, St. Catherine’s plain
Butler, John, the Bee-hive, Palace plain
Butler, Thomas, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Buttifant, David, hair dresser, Golden Ball street
Buttifant, H. and J., ironmongers, oil and colourmen, William street,
West Pottergate
Buttifant, Josiah, secretary to the Provident Building Society, St.
Andrew’s plain, h Cow hill
Buttle, Richard, the New Star, Quay side
Buttle, Henry, East-end Retreat, Thorpe hamlet
Buttle, Henry, the Dreadnought, King street gates
Buxton, Isaac, manager at Bolingbroke and Co.’s ale and porter stores,
Bank plain
Buxton, Joseph, clerk and revenue officer, Heigham road
Buxton, Stephen, shopkeeper, Thorpe hamlet
Cadge, William, surgeon, All Saints’ green
Caley, Nathaniel Henry, silk mercer and shawl manufacturer to the Queen,
London street
Calver, Eliza, shop keeper, Lower Westwick street
Calver, French John, Old Crown, St. Martin’s at Oak
Calver, John, boot maker, Church street, St. Simon’s
Calver, John, saddler, All Saints’ green
Calver, Thomas, boot and shoemaker, Upper Market-place
Campion, Edward, brush maker, West Wymer street
Campling, Brown, and Co., shoe manufacturers, Pottergate street
Campling, George, shop keeper, Magdalen street
Campling, Jacob, Jolly Brewers, Magdalen street
Campling, James, bookbinder, St. Stephen’s street
Campling, James, City of Norwich Agricultural Implement Repository, house
and estate agent, Golden Ball street
Campling, John, fish dealer, Magdalen street
Campling, Paul, butcher, West Pottergate
Campling, Thomas, plumber, St. Mary’s street
Campling, William, draper, Barrack street
Candler, John, plumber, St. Saviour’s lane
Candler, John, wholesale and retail stationer, Rampant Horse street
Cann, Samuel and John, timber merchants and saw mills, Philadelphia
Cannell, Albert Francis, tailor, Lower Goat lane
Cannell, Elizabeth, private lodging house, Unthank’s road
Cannell, Henry B., clerk of East of England Bank, New Catton
Cannell, John, saddler, Ber street
Cannell, Robert, baker, King street
Canner, John, Prince of Wales’ Feathers, St. Benedict’s street
Canham, Sarah, broker, Ber street
Cannon, G. W. S., the Anchor, Rising Sun
Canham, William, travelling draper, St. Stephen’s square
Caprani and Co., wholesale dealers in and importers of hardware and fancy
goods, White Lion street
Caro, Simon, teacher of the Hebrew and Chaldee, Westlegate street
Carr, Charles, Briton’s Arms, Elm hill
Carr, William, Cellar-house inn, Bridge street
Carter, Edward, grocer, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Carter, Henry, shopkeeper, Rose lane
Carter, John, dyer, All Saints’ street
Carter, James, Shoulder of Mutton, St. Augustine’s street
Carter, Thomas, shopkeeper, St. James’ street
Cartwright, E., day school, New Catton
Cartwright, Henry, gun maker, Rampant Horse street
Carver, Rebecca, grocer and tea dealer, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Carver, Ruth, day school, West Pottergate
Carver, William, boot and shoe maker, Jolly Millers, Trowse Millgate
Case, Philip, dress manufacturer, warehouse St. George’s; h New road,
Town close
Casper, George, shoe manufacturer, Lower close
Casson, Daniel, Jolly Farmers, Charing cross
Castle, William, hair dresser and perfumer, Upper market
Castley, Thomas Godfrey, tea dealer, grocer, and cheese factor, St.
Stephen’s street
Caston, James, grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Caston, Thomas, watch and clock maker, Briggs’ street
Catchpole, John, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Catling, Alfred, baker, King street gates
Cattermole, David, Coach and Horses, Thorpe hamlet
Cattermoul, James, Eagle tavern, Newmarket road
Cattermole, John, Recruiting Sergeant inn, Ber street
Cattermoul, William, dyer, St. Andrew’s hill
Cawdron, Henry, Greyhound inn, Rampant Horse street
Cawdron, Jonathan, lathe and tool maker, Duke street
Challis, Thomas, boot maker, Upper London street
Chamberlin, James, inspector of weights and measures, Upper Goat lane; h
Newmarket road
Chamberlain, William, cabinet maker, Cowgate street
Chamberlin, James, grocer, tea dealer, and wine merchant, agent to the
Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge and the National School
Society, Post-office and Dove streets
Chamberlin, Sons, and Co., drapers and silk mercers, wholesale
warehousemen, Market place, h. Catton
Chandler, Samuel, register office for servants, St. Stephen’s road
Chaplain, George, gate-keeper to the Close, Lower close
Chapman, Abel, butcher, Magdalen street
Chapman, Daniel, Hop Pole tavern, St. Faith’s lane
Chapman, Miss Emily, boarding and day school for young gentlemen,
Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Chapman, John, shopkeeper, Union place
Chapman, Luke, green-grocer, St. Benedict’s road
Chapman, Philip, Gardener’s Arms, Tinkler’s lane
Chapman, Samuel, butcher, Upper St. Giles
Chapman, Thomas Robert, butcher, Upper market
Chapman, William, baker and confectioner, Wensum street
Chase Charles, grocer, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Chaston, Thomas, head-ostler at the Swan hotel; h Sothern’s buildings,
Lady’s lane
Chettleburgh, Robert, saddle and harness maker, Queen street
Chettleburgh, Henry, confectioner, Rampant Horse street
Chedwick, Francis, confectioner, Magdalen street
Chipperfield, Charles, flyman, St. Stephen’s gates
Christie, Thomas, clothier, Magdalen street
Christmas and George, Messrs., lock and whitesmiths, Cow hill
Church, Charles, bill deliverer, Theatre street
Church, George, teacher of music, Theatre street
Church, William, shopkeeper, Upper King street
Clabburn, James, plumber, St. Martin at Oak
Clabburn and Sparks, wine and spirit merchants, Magdalen street
Clabburn, Thomas, manufacturer of dresses, Pitt street
Clark, Samuel, clerk, Distillery street
Clark, Thomas, auctioneer and appraiser, Ivy cottage, Lakenham
Clarke, Ann, green grocer, Ber street
Clarke, Charles, brewer and maltster, St. Miles’
Clarke, Frederic, vinegar brewer, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Clarke, Frederic Edward, tunist, Prince’s street
Clarke, George Oliver, accountant, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Clarke and Hunter, upholsterers, cabinet makers, carvers, gilders, paper
hangers, decorators, and auctioneers, Dove street
Clarke, James, Grapes commercial and family hotel, Upper St. Giles’
Clarke, John, the Ship, Cowgate street
Clarke, John, shoe factor, Distillery street
Clarke, John, general manufacturer, Calvert street
Clarke, John Welham, cabinet maker, h. Highbury villa, Bracondale
Clarke, Joseph, farmer, Old Lakenham
Clarke, Maria, straw bonnet manufacturer, milliner, &c., St. Gregory’s
church alley
Clarke, Maria, dress maker, Pottergate street
Clarke, Royal, coal merchant, William street
Clarke, Samuel, inspector, Castle meadow
Clarke, Samuel, butcher, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Clarke, Sophia, Saw Mills tavern, Fishgate street
Clarke, William, the Queen of Hungary, St. Benedict’s street
Claxton, George, baker, grocer, and tea dealer, Tinkler’s lane
Claxton, Walter, baker, New Catton
Clayton, George, fish dealer, Fishmarket
Clayton, Thomas, Black Boys, Barrack street
Clements, Charlotte, Coachmakers’ Arms, Bethel street
Climpson, Edward, tailor, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Cletheroe, James, cow keeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Cletheroe, James, plumber, glazier, and painter, Distillery street
Clitheroe, William, boot and shoe maker, Botolph street
Clowes, Francis, auctioneer, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Cobb, Leggatt, butcher, St. Augustine’s street
Cobb, Robert, Leggatt, butcher, Magdalen street
Cocks, Dennis, tailor and clothier, Magdalen street
Cocks, Thomas, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Cocks, Thomas, tailor, Elm hill
Cocks, William, blacksmith, St. Catherine’s plain
Codling, Arthur John, boarding and day school, Magdalen street
Codling, Robert, Three Turks, Lower Westwick street
Coe, Mark, Plough, Castle hill
Cogman, Frederic, tailor, &c., Prince’s street
Cohen, Joseph Louis, letter founder, Scoles green
Cohen, Philip, orange merchant, Swan lane
Colby, Richard, printer and book-binder, Golden Dog lane
Colby, Samuel, Bullock and Butcher, St. Giles’ hill
Coldham, John, the Duke of York, Thorpe hamlet
Collett, Robert George, Tuns tavern, Whitefriars’ street
Cole, Elijah, Wheatsheaf inn, Castle hill
Cole, Emma, baby linen warehouse, London street
Cole, John Beck, woollen draper and tailor, Post-office street
Cole, Mrs. Sarah, ladies’ boarding school, Newmarket road
Collins, James, boot and shoe maker, Davey place
Collins, Mary, shopkeeper, Heigham street
Coleman, George Lovick, draper and mercer, Market-place
Coleman, Samuel, Albert tavern, Ber street
Coleman and Son, silk mercers, drapers, and hosiers, London street
Coleman, Timothy, the White House, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Colman and Glendenning, wholesale and retail ironmongers, oil and
colourmen, dealers in lead, glass, and paper hangings, and wholesale
saddlers’ ironmongers, &c., Rampant Horse street
Colman, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, Market-place
Colman, John Daniel, builder, Magdalen street
Colman, William, farmer and dealer in horses, Crescent road
Colsey, Emily, stay maker, St. Andrew’s
Coman, Thomas, John, and Henry, grocers and tea dealers, St. Benedict’s
street
Cooper, Eliza, Wine Coopers’ Arms, Lower Goat lane
Cooper, Emanuel, surgeon, Tombland
Cooper, Jeremiah, Keel Wherry, King street
Cooper, John & Sons, jewellers, silversmiths, and watchmakers, London
street
Cooper, Nathaniel, Royal Oak, Heigham street
Cooper, Robert, solicitor’s clerk, Private road, Mill lane, Unthank’s
road
Cooper, Robert Harris, silversmith, London Street; h Unthank’s road
Cooper, Samuel, the Cow, Cow hill
Cooper, Susanna, seamstress, St. Giles’ hill
Cooper, Thomas, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Cooper, Thomas, Gardeners’ Arms, St. John’s Timberhill
Cooper and Watson, surgeons, Tombland
Cooper, William, the Plough, St. Benedict’s street
Cook, Edward Thomas, boot and shoe manufacturer, White Lion street
Cook, Samuel, brush manufacturer, Davey place
Cooke, Charlotte, dressmaker, St. Giles’ str.
Cooke, Edward, leather cutter, St. John’s Maddermarket
Cooke, John, Fox and Hounds, Ber street
Cooke, William, chemist and druggist, St. Giles’ street
Cooper, Carlos, barrister, Old Lakenham
Cooper, John Norton Valentine, solicitor, the Crescent
Coote, George Mark, bookbinder, ruler, account book manufacturer,
engraver and printer, Hay hill
Coote, Maria, dealer in hams, tongues, &c.  Hay hill
Cootes, Benjamin, shopkeeper, St. Miles’ street
Copeman William, agent to the Legal and Commercial Life Insurance
Company, the Manchester Fire Insurance Company, and the Times Life
Assurance and Guarantee Society, Gentleman’s Walk, Market-place
Copeman, Bell, draper, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Copeman and Sons, wholesale and retail grocers, and general commission
agents, Gentleman’s Walk, Market-place
Copland, John, Town House tavern, St. Andrew’s hill
Cordran, Fanny, coach builder, Magdalen street
Cordran, William, cabinet maker, Brown’s court, St. Stephen’s
Core, Joseph, commercial traveller, Heigham road
Cork, Henry, butcher, St. Augustine’s street
Corrick, William, cabinet maker and upholsterer, St. Giles’ street
Corsbie, Dennis T., accountant, West End terrace, Grapes hill
Corsbie, Joseph, accountant, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Corsbie, Samuel W., solicitor’s clerk, Distillery street
Cossey, Robert, Royal Oak, St. Martin’s at Oak
Cott, Thomas, pawnbroker, Pottergate street
Cousins, James, fruiterer, Church alley, St. Gregory’s
Cousins, Thomas, boot and shoe manufacturer, wholesale and retail, Bethel
street
Cowan, Charlotte, William the Fourth, Gildengate street
Cowan, Alexander, travelling draper, Lady’s lane
Cowan, Charlotte, Tuns tavern, All Saints’ green
Cox, John, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Cox John, cabinet maker, Laflin’s buildings, St. Benedict’s road
Crancher, John, Recruiting Sergeant, Ber street
Craske, James, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Lower Goat lane
Craske, Josiah J., draper’s assistant, William street
Crawford, William, boot maker, Bank street
Creak, James Henry, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, wholesale and
retail, Bridewell alley
Crickmay, Edward, surgeon, Magdalen street
Crickmore, Henry, White Hart inn, Upper market
Crickmore, William, shopkeeper, St. Miles’ street
Crisp, John Wiseman, tailor, draper, and clerical robe maker, Castle
meadow
Crisp, Thomas Dawson, manufacturer of dresses, Pitt street
Crook, John, surgeon, London street
Cruso, Lydia, ready-made linen warehouse, Briggs’ street
Crosskill, Robert, cork manufacturer, Bridge street
Crosskill, William, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Cross, James, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Lower Goat lane
Cross, James, corn merchant, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Cross, John, accountant, Dereham road
Cross, William, butcher, Rose lane
Crosse, Thomas William, surgeon, St. Giles’ street
Crowe, Charles, upholsterer, Elm hill
Crowe, Edward, Balloon tavern, St. Margaret’s
Crowe, Elizabeth, ladies’ boarding school, Calvert street
Crowe, George, White Lion, St. Benedict’s street
Crowe, J. and Sons, cabinet makers and upholsterers, carvers, gilders,
paper hangers, and decorators, St. Stephen’s street
Crowe, William, cabinet maker, h Newmarket road
Crowfoot, William, broker, Ber street
Cubitt, George, chemist, agent to the Clerical Medical and General Life
Assurance Society, General Fire Assurance Agent, and Secretary to the
Norwich Union Provident Society; Gentleman’s Walk, Market-place
Cubitt, James, grocer, King street
Cubitt, Samuel Durrant, wholesale ironmonger, oil and colour merchant,
Mitchell’s court, Market-place; h Victoria street
Cubitt, Thomas, Two Brewers, Magdalen street
Cubitt, Thomas, glover, St. Augustine’s road
Cubitt, William Jeary, corn and seed merchant, Magdalen street
Cudbard, John and Charles, machine makers, Theatre street
Cudden, Ann, the Rifleman, All Saints’ green
Cuddon, Brothers, conveyancers, Bethel str.
Cullen, Christopher, watch and clock maker, jeweller, &c., Pottergate
street
Cullingford, Frederick, marine store dealer, Ber street
Cullington, John, butcher, St. Augustine’s street
Culley and Hart, merchants, Duke’s Palace
Cullington, Mary Ann, boot and shoe maker, Queen street
Culyer and Bowen, plumbers, &c., Pottergate street
Culyer, Charles Arthur, cooper, Rampant Horse street
Culyer, Thomas, dyer and confectioner, St. Augustine’s street
Culyer, Thomas, gothic carver, Pottergate street
Culyer, William, commission agent, Grapes hill
Cundall, B., Son and Co., silk mercers and drapers, Gentleman’s walk,
Market-place
Cunney, Robert, carpenter, New Catton
Cunningham, Thomas, Eight Ringers, St. Miles’ street
Cunningham, William, Princess Royal, Rampant Horse street
Cunnington, William, small ware dealer, Little Orford street
Cunnington, William, turner, Willow lane
Curson, Miss, Superintendent of the Magdalen Institution for Young Women,
Lower close
Curtis and Balls, builders, West Pottergate street
Curtis, George Wm., grocer, Thorpe hamlet
Curtis, William, currier, St. Benedict’s street
Cushing, William, the Albion, Market-place
Cushing, James, boot and shoe maker, Distillery street
Cushion, William, timber merchant and builder, Rising Sun road
Custance, Jonathan, dealer in stationery, Magdalen street
Cutmore, William Thomas, the Mazeppa, Cowgate street
Dack, Jonathan, fishmonger, Fishgate street
Dade, Charlotte, milliner, Swan lane
Dady, George, wine and spirit merchant, Old Post-office court
Dady, Daniel, green grocer, St. Stephen’s street
Dadworth, Thomas, printer, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
D’Alberg, Catherine, shopkeeper, Palace plain
Dallinger, Joseph, engraver, copper-plate printer, and lithographer,
Davey place
Dalrymple, Arthur, solicitor, St. Giles’ street
Dalrymple, Donald, surgeon, Surrey street
Dambrooke, John, Jolly Butchers, Ber street
Daniels, Thomas, tailor, &c., Albert tavern, Dove street
Dann, James, fruiterer, Magdalen street
Daplyn, Mary, baker, St. Augustine’s street
Darken, Canuel, builder, St. Stephen’s gates
Darken, James, pianoforte warehouse, Pottergate street
Darken, James, news agent, Little London street
Dashwood, Lancelot, surgeon, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Davey, Jane, milliner, Upper St. Giles’
Davis and Company, surgeons, Pottergate street
Davis, Samuel Strangeman, agent for the Norfolk and Eastern Counties’
Coal Company, Mile lane, Newmarket road
Davison, John, Crooked Billet, Heigham street
Davison, Matthew, baker, Rising Sun lane
Davy, John, clerk, St. Swithin’s
Dawbarn, James, coal and salt merchant, Castle meadow
Dawes, Larrance, Robin Hood, Dereham road
Dawes Larrance, carver and gilder, St. Andrew’s hill
Dawes, Robert, builder, undertaker, &c., Hampden place, Dereham road
Dawson George, brickmaker and farmer, Drazen Doors road
Dawson, Jonathan, butcher, Magdalen street
Dawson, James, the Black Eagle, grocer and tea dealer, Wellington
terrace, Union place
Dawson, James, King’s Arms, Thorpe hamlet
Dawson, Philip, butcher, Magdalen street
Dawson, Samuel, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Dawson, William, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Dawson, William, Punch and Chop-house, Upper market
Dawson, William, baker, Rupert street, Union place
Day, Alfred, solicitor, All Saints’ green
Day, Starling, accountant, New Catton
Day, William Hawkes, surgeon, Surrey street
Daynes, John, the Arabian Horse, New Lakenham
Daynes, John, watchmaker, Pitt street
Daynes, John, bookseller, Back of the Inns
Daynes, Maria, Crown and Angel, St. Stephen’s street
Daynes, Richard, confectioner, Lower Westwick street
Daynes, Robert, Coach and Horses, Bethel street
Daynes, Samuel, printer, St. Stephen’s street
Dead, Mrs., day school, Somerset place, Holl’s lane
Dean, Alfred, Black Swan tavern, Upper market
Deane, James, boot and shoe manufacturer, Bridge street; h Gildengate
street
Death, John, cooper, Bishopgate street
Devereaux, Edmund, plumber and glazier, Middle street, St. George’s
De Carle, Henry, stone and marble mason, Chapel field road
De Carle, James J., grocer West Wymer str.
De Carle, William, commercial traveller, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
gates
Decomy, William, banker’s messenger, Prince’s street
Deeks, John, George the Fourth, Ber street
Delf and Co., drapers, &c., Tombland
Delph, William, plumber, St. Augustine’s street
Delph, William, Prince of Wales, St. Augustine’s street
Denmark, William, Seven Stars, Barrack street
De Vear, John, merchant, Lower close
Dennington, Miss Sarah, St. Saviour’s Infant school, Golden Dog lane
Dennis, Charles, whitesmith, St. Stephen’s gates
Dent, Thomas, butcher, Ber street
Denny, John, green-grocer, Union street, Union place
Debbage, James, the Fountain, St. Benedict’s street
Devear and Phillips, woollen warehousemen, Davey place
Dew, Britiffe Edward, hair dresser, King street
Dew, Mr., superintendent of the Rotary Cemetery, Thorpe hamlet
Dewing, David, agent to the Scottish Provident Institution, &c., St.
Catherine’s plain
Dexter, Robert, assistant draper, Bracondale
Dickinson, Richard, accountant, St. Stephen’s road
Dickinson, Richard, butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Dickinson, Richard, saddler and harness maker, Castle meadow
Digby, Peter, Catherine Wheel, St. Augustine’s street
Digby, Richard, Anchor of Hope, Bracondale
Ding, James, baker, Pottergate street
Diver, Isaac, King’s Head, Gildengate street
Diver, Jabez, shopkeeper, St. Paul’s Church plain
Dixon, Benjamin, M.P.S., chemist and druggist, Rose corner, King street
Dixon, Elizabeth, clear starcher, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Dixon, Thomas, watch and clock maker, Bridewell alley
Dobson, Richard, shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Dobson, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Dodson, William Robert, silversmith and jeweller, Upper London street
Doughty Richard, King’s Head, Davey place
Doughty, Thomas, grocer and tea dealer, King street
Doughty, John, carpenter and builder, Crook’s place
Douglass, John, shopkeeper, Silver road
Dove, Harry, surgeon, Tombland
Dover, Charles, Mill tavern, Mill lane, New Catton
Dowde, Mary, midwife, St. Margaret’s alley
Downing, Joseph, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, and fishing tackle
manufacturer, Gentleman’s walk, Market place
Dowson, John Withers, solicitor, Castle meadow
Dowson and Sons, coal merchants, Duke’s Palace
Drake, Brazilla, the Duke of Norfolk, Church street, New Lakenham
Drake, Charles, surgeon, All Saints’ green
Drake, Francis, White Horse, St. Miles’ street
Drake, John, green grocer, Ber street
Drake, Mary, pork shop, Church walk, New Lakenham
Drake, Samuel, shopkeeper, Lower Westwick street
Drane, Hannah, ladies’ school, Rigby’s court
Drane, Henry, Carrow inn, King street gates
Drane, Joseph, decorative painter, Rigby’s court
Drane, Wm., Curriers’ Arms, St. Stephen’s back street
Draper, Henry, manager of the Electric and International Telegraph
Company, Market place
Drage, William, World’s-end, World’s-end lane
Driver, William, banker’s clerk, St. Benedict’s road
Duffield, Abigail, shopkeeper, Middle street, St. George’s
Duffield, George, grocer, St. Mary’s street
Duffield, Henry, tailor, Exchange street
Duffield, William, tailor, Grove place, New Lakenham
Dunch, Denmark, the Jolly Maltsters, Cowgate street
Dunham, John, grocer, Trory street, New Lakenham
Dunmore, Robert, corn merchant, St. Benedict’s street
Dunn, James, Queen’s Head, Quay side
Dunn, James, green grocer, Quay side
Dunn, John, baker, West Pottergate
Dunn, Richard, plumber and glazier, Surrey road
Dunn, Samuel, hair dresser, Magdalen street
Dunn, William, match manufacturer, Silver street
Dunnan, Robert G., accountant to the Equitable Fire-office, Bank street
Dunsford and Suggett, surgeon dentists, St. Giles’ street
Dunsford, James, surgeon dentist; h Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Durrant, George, solicitor, Surrey street
Durrant, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, Ber street
Durrant, Robert, grocer, Church street
Durrant, Thomas, shopkeeper, Sherbourne place, King street
Durrant, Zachariah, the Greenland Fishery, St. Mary’s street
Dye and Palmer, solicitors, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Dye, M. and W., tailors, drapers, and hatters, Bank plain
Eagle, John, grocer and tobacconist, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
East of England Bank, Haymarket
Eastaugh, Mary, York tavern, Castle meadow
Easton, Haylett, Elephant, Magdalen street
Easton, Isaac, Unicorn, St. Mary’s plain
Easton, Zachariah, pork shop, St. James’ street
Eastwood, James, the Tuns tavern, St. Miles’ street
Eaton, Mary Ann, Rose inn, St. Stephen’s street
Edgar, Thomas, brush manufacturer, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Edwards, Edward Manning, hair cutter and perfumer, Upper London street
Edwards, Anne Elizabeth, milliner and dress-maker, St. Stephen’s square
Edwards, Robert, Lame Dog road
Edwards, Sarah, publican, Briggs’ street
Edwards, W. P., linen draper, hosier, haberdasher, &c., St. Stephen’s
street
Egmore, Randall, superintendent of the City Mission, Grove road, New
Lakenham
Eke, Francis, Odd Fellows’ Arms, Ber street
Ellingham, Henry, plumber and glazier, Elm hill
Elliott Miss, E., milliner and dress-maker, Upper King street
Elliott, George, Duke tavern, Tombland
Ellis, Benjamin, Dove tavern, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Ellis, Mary, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Ellis, Samuel, green grocer, St. Martin’s Oak
Ellis, William, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Ellison, Frances, barometer and thermometer maker, and fancy repository,
Dove street
Ellwood, Henry, butcher, St. John’s Timberhill
Elmer, John, accountant, St. Catherine’s terrace
Elvin, Elizabeth, midwife, Ber street
Elwes, Jonathan, dealer in tobacco, St. Stephen’s road
Emery, George, farmer, Eaton; h Pier Cottage, Union place
Emms, Charles, Wine Coopers’ Arms, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Emms, William, Crown inn, St. John’s Timberhill
Empson, Ezra, baker, St. Augustine’s street
Empson, Samuel, grocer, New Catton
Enfield, William, manufacturer, Colegate street
Engall, Joseph, green grocer, St. Augustine’s street
England, Robert, builder, St. Giles’ hill
English, Joseph, tailor, woollen draper, and hatter, Upper London street
English, Mark, the Sawyers, St. Paul’s Church plain
English, Robert, builder, St. Giles’ hill
English and Son, drapers and silk mercers, London street
Etheridge, George, goldsmith, Gentleman’s walk
Etheridge, Thomas, junr., Clerk to the Eastern Counties’ Railway Company;
h Thorpe hamlet
Everett, Thomas, merchant, Bracondale
Evans, Charles, barrister, and Chancellor of the Diocese of Norwich,
Upper King str.
Evans, George, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Evans, Harry, Clerk to the E. C. R. Comp., Lower close
Evans, John, shopkeeper, Bishopgate street
Evans, Robert, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Ewing, John William, nurseryman and seedsman, Exchange street
Fabb, Charles and Ruth, shopkeeper and dressmaker, St. Augustine’s street
Fair, Thomas, green grocer, Bishopsgate street
Faircloth, George, shopkeeper, Julian street
Fairhead, John, shopkeeper, Thorpe hamlet
Fairhead, Mary Ann, beer shop, Pottergate street
Fairman, William, hair-dresser, Barrack str.
Fairweather, Henry, upholsterer and cabinet maker, St. Giles’ street
Fairweather, Lydia, linen draper, silk mercer, hosier, and haberdasher,
London str.
Fake, John, the Wrestlers, St. James’ street
Fargus, Johnston, agent to Virtue and Co., publishers, Rose lane
Farman, Henry, the Jolly Skinners, St. Martin’s at Oak
Farman, Robert, gardener, King street
Farmer, Charles Adolphe, and Huke, James William, Pharmaceutical chemists
and druggists, Upper Market-place
Farmer, Benjamin, schoolmaster, Colegate street
Farnell, James Thomas, boarding and day school, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’
street
Farnell, William Keeling, boarding academy, Theatre street
Farrow, Mrs. Maria, French corset and stay maker, St. Giles’ hill
Farrow, Thomas, green grocer, Union place
Fearnley, Joseph, jeweller, London street; h Holl’s lane
Fearnside, Benjamin, broker, Palace street
Featherstone, Thomas, accountant, Distillery street
Feek, William, horse-breaker, livery and commission stables, St. Giles’
road
Felmingham, William, commercial traveller, Distillery street
Felstead, James, shopkeeper, Mill street, Crook’s place
Fenn, John, grocer, New Catton
Fenn, Robert, grocer, Magdalen street
Fenn, Thomas, Hen and Chickens, St. Mary’s plain
Fenn, Thomas, boot and shoe warehouse, Pottergate street
Fickling, Robert, solicitor, Prince’s street
Fiddeman, Robert, Cabinet Makers’ Arms, Redwell street
Field and Bignold, solicitors, Upper Surrey street
Field, Edward, solicitor, Surrey street
Field, Robert, chair maker, Queen street, Crook’s place
Figg, George, Boar’s Head inn, Surrey street
Filby, W. E., spirit merchant, Stamp Office yard
Finegan, William Thomas, teacher of French, Cow hill
Finch, William Henry, whitesmith and bell-hanger, Waggon and Horses’ lane
Firth, Ellen, ladies’ boarding school, Crescent
Firth, George Warren Watts, surgeon, St. Martin’s at Palace
Fish, William, music seller, Bridewell alley
Fisher, George, shopkeeper, Union place
Fish and Son, dyers, Lower Westwick street
Fisher, James, solicitor, offices, King street, h Lower close
Fisher, James Cracknell, grocer and tea-dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Fisher, Robert, grocer, St. Augustine’s street
Fisher, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, St. Martin’s at Oak
Fisher, Robert Watts, builder, Museum court, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Fisher, Thomas, builder and surveyor, St. Andrew’s Broad street, the
Crescent
Fisher, William, builder, Calvert street
Fiske, Francis Robert, draper and silk mercer, London street
Fison, Thomas, accountant, St. Augustine’s road
Fitch and Chambers, chemists, Market place
Fitt, Benjamin, pipe maker, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Fitt, George, Builders’ Arms, Pottergate street
Fitt, James, butcher, Ber street
Fitt, John, carpenter, Rising Sun lane
Fitt, Robert, gin-shop, Castle meadow
Fitt, William, butcher, Ber street
Flatt, John, ironmonger, Magdalen street
Fletcher, Ann, dyer, Quay side
Fletcher and Alexander, booksellers, printers, publishers, bookbinders,
and wholesale stationers, agents to the National Mercantile Life
Assurance Society, and depot of the British and Foreign Bible Society,
Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Fletcher, Josiah, bookseller, &c., Market-place; h Unthank’s road
Flood, Harriet, draper, St. Benedict’s street
Florence, George, Rose tavern, St. Miles’ Thorn lane
Flower, Jonathan, draper, Wensum street
Foot, Henry, silk manufactory, Calvert street
Folk, Charles, baker, Gildengate street
Folk, Charles, baker, King street, Crook’s place
Ford, Elizabeth, milliner, Pitt street
Ford and Son, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturers, Colegate street
Ford, William, shoe manufacturer, Earlham road
Ford, William Foyster, shoe manufacturer, Calvert street
Forder, Ellen, schoolmistress, Horn’s lane
Forrester, George, land agent, agent to the Union Fire and Life, and
General Hail Storm Societies, Upper close
Forster, Edwin, tobacconist, St. Stephen’s st.
Forster, John, umbrella, parasol, and straw hat manufacturer, Upper
London street
Forster, Samuel, general shopkeeper, Barrack street
Forster, Thomas, tea dealer and general shopkeeper, West Pottergate
Forster, Thomas, shopkeeper, Queen street, Crook’s place
Foster, Augustus and Son, Norfolk hotel, St. Giles’ street
Forte, William, and Watts, William Henry, paper hangers, St. Augustine’s
street
Foulger, Robert, coachmaker, Mason’s court, Ber street
Foulsham, Henry, currier, leather merchant, and dealer in grindery,
wholesale and retail, White Lion street
Foulsham, Thomas, Coach and Horses, furniture broker, Red Lion street
Foulsham, William, hairdresser and tobacconist, Bridge street
Fountain, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Heigham street
Fountain, Henry, William the Fourth, King street, Crook’s place
Fountain, Mary Ann, the Hay Trussers, King street
Fountain, Mrs., general cooking, luncheon, and dining establishment,
London street
Fountain, Thomas, accountant, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Fox, Elizabeth, baker, Lower close
Fox, Frederic, solicitor, Surrey street
Fox, Isaac, Queen’s Head, St. Giles’ street
Fox, Joel, furrier, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Fox, John, shopkeeper, Fishgate street
Fox, John, surgeon, Upper King street
Fox, Thomas Colman, solicitor, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Fox, William, baker, Cowgate street
Francis, George, Jolly Dealers, and shoemaker, Castle hill
Francis, Joseph, tailor, Charing cross
Francis, Thomas, green grocer, St. John’s Timberhill
Francis, W. B., surgeon, Colegate street
Frary, Richard, piece broker, St. Andrew’s hill
Frary, William, watch and clock maker, St. Benedict’s street
Fraser, John, draper, St. Benedict’s road
Freeman, Charles Jeremiah, and Wells, W., cabinet makers and
upholsterers, Upper London street
Freeman, Charles Robert, tea warehouse, Exchange street
Freeman, Charles Robert, corn and flour dealer, Upper market
Freeman, Charles Robert, wholesale grocer and foreign fruit merchant,
Upper King street, h Eaton lodge
Freeman, Henry, and Nash, Charles, cheese factors, wholesale grocers and
tallow chandlers, Upper market
Freeman, James, boat builder, King street
Freeman, James, bread and biscuit baker, St. Giles’ street
Freeman, Richard, boot and shoe maker, St. Benedict’s street
Freeman, Samuel, Dyer’s Arms, Quay side
Freeman, William, baker, Union place
Freeman, William, jun., carver, gilder, and printseller, Rampant Horse
street
Freestone, Anthony, baker, Church street, New Lakenham
Freestone, Edward, solicitor, Little Orford street
Friar, William, sawyer, Chapel street, Union place
Frohawk, M., farmer, Valentine street, Heigham
Fromow, John, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Fromow, Stephen, cattle salesman, St. John’s Timberhill
Fromow, William, chemist and druggist, St. Augustine’s street
Frost, Charles, carpenter and builder, Chapel field road
Frost, Hezekiah, gardener, Lower close
Frost, James, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Frost, John, boot and shoe maker, Lower Westwick street
Frost, Mrs. Mary, staymaker, Davey place
Frost, Robert, portmanteau and trunk manufacturer, Davey place
Frost, William, Temperance hotel, Upper walk, Market-place
Fuller, Benjamin, commercial traveller, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
road
Fuller, Edward, tailor, &c., Red Lion street
Fuller, James, saddler, Market-place
Fuller, Robert, Trumpet inn, St. Stephen’s street
Fuller, William, tobacconist, Red Lion str.
Furse, James Thomas, window blind manufacturer, upholsterer, &c.,
Tombland
Furse, Maria, dyer and dresser, Gildengate street
Fussey, Susan, butcher, Ber street
Futter, John, shopkeeper, St. Mary’s plain
Futter, Nathaniel, green grocer, Ber street
Gaffer, Samuel, house agent, Paragon street
Gage, Lydia, lodging house, Queen street
Gapp, John Smith, Black Horse, St. Giles’ road
Gardner, Maria, shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Gardner, William, paper and rag merchant, St. Paul’s opening
Gardiner, William, Cock, Upper King street
Gardner, Thompson, green grocer and fruiterer, Upper St. Giles’ street
Gardom, John William, silk manufacturer, mills, Lower Westwick street; h.
Unthank’s road
Garner, Francis, fishmonger, Cowgate street
Garnham, William, grocer and tea dealer, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Garrett, John, travelling draper, Pottergate street
Garrod, Edward, editor to the _Norfolk Chronicle_, private road,
Unthank’s road
Garthon, James Slapp, surgeon, Upper St. Giles’ street
Gazely, James, green grocer, Lower Westwick street
Gaul, Edward James, shuttle maker and turner, St. Augustine’s street
Gay, Mrs., brush maker, Upper market
Gaze, George, timber merchant, Hamlet place, Grapes hill
Gaze, Matthew, builder, King street
Gaze, William, millwright, St. Paul’s back lane
Gaze, William, register office for servants, Westlegate street
Gedge, Frederic, dyer, St. Benedict’s
Gedge, George, plumber, glazier, and painter, Wounded Hart lane, Upper
market
Gedge, William, hairdresser, St. Benedict’s street
Gedge, William John, hairdresser, St. Martin’s at Oak
Geary, William, shawl manufacturer, St. Augustine’s street
Geldart, Robert, wine and spirit merchant, Wensum street; h. Thorpe
hamlet
Geldart and Son, importers of foreign wines and spirits, Wensum street
Gent, David, St. John’s Head, St. Miles’ street
Gent, George, shopkeeper, St. Miles’ street
George, John, fishmonger, St. Benedict’s street
George, Misses, ladies’ academy, Colegate street
George, Richard, coal merchant, Quay side
George, William Morris, carpenter and builder, Pottergate street
Gerrard, George, the John Bull, Crook’s place
Gerred, William, hairdresser, Botolph street
Gibbs, Richard, Rose and Crown, Bishopgate street
Gibson, Charles Mends, surgeon, Bethel street
Gibson, Matthew, brush maker, Paragon street
Gibson, Samuel, butcher, Gildengate street
Gibson, William, baker, St. Catherine’s plain
Gidden, S., shopkeeper, St. Stephen’s street
Gidney, Samuel, the Bushel, St. Augustine’s street
Gifford, Samuel, stationer and shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Gilbert, James, plumber, Magdalen street
Gilbert, William, carpenter arid builder, St. Augustine’s
Gill, James, grocer, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Gill, John, china and glass warehouse, St. Giles’ street
Gilman, Charles Rackham, solicitor, secretary to the Norfolk Farmers’
Cattle Insurance Society, St. Giles’ street
Gilman, Charles Suckling, solicitor, stock and share broker, secretary to
the General Hail Storm Insurance Society, and the Norwich Chamber of
Commerce, Fisher’s lane, St. Giles’ street
Gilman, Charles Suckling, boot and shoe manufacturer, Bethel street
Gilman John, carver and gilder, Upper London street
Girdlestone, D., hair restorer, Lower Goat lane
Girdlestone, Reuben, hairdresser and perfumer, and branch post-office,
Upper St. Giles’ street
Girdlestone, Thomas, Horse Shoes, Palace street
Girling, William, corn chandler, Golden Ball, Golden Ball street
Gissing, Robert, commercial traveller, West Wymer street
Gittings, Cornelius, porter merchant, Calvert street
Glendenning, J. B., ironmonger, St. Stephen’s gates
Goat, Charles, Old Goat tavern, Upper Goat lane
Goffin, Matilda Elizabeth, boot and shoe warehouse, Palace street
Goggs, William, grocer and tea dealer, Upper St. Giles’
Golder, Edward, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Goldsmith, James, boot and shoe maker, Back of the Inns
Goldsmith, James, tea, coffee, and spice dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Goldsmith, Thomas, confectioner and baker, St. Stephen’s street
Goldspring, Mrs. E., dressmaker, William street
Goldsworth, James, beer retailer, St. Stephen’s street
Gooch, George Carver, decorator, Upper King street, and Castle meadow
Gooch, Noah, brewer and beer retailer, Charing cross
Gooch, Richard, astrologer, Southwell cottage, New Lakenham
Gooch, Henry James, the Sons of Commerce, St. Michael’s at Thorn lane
Gooch, Isaac, the Queen Victoria, Queen street, Crook’s place
Gooch, Joshua, coach lace and fringe manufacturer, Dove street
Gooch, Robert, bookseller, White Lion street
Gooch, S. J., currier and leather seller, Davey place
Gooch, Thomas, the Fortune-of-War, Calvert street
Gooch, Thomas, brush manufacturer, Grout’s thoroughfare
Gooch, William, Baker’s Arms, Lower Westwick street
Good, Thomas, boot-tree and last maker, Magdalen street
Gooderham, Samuel, tunist, Elm hill
Gooderson, John, and Moll, William, family linen warehouse, Upper Market
place
Gooderson, William, machine maker and wheelwright, Chapel field road
Gooding, Harriet, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Red Lion street
Goodson, William, butcher, St. Benedict’s road
Goodson, Sarah, butcher, Upper market
Goodwin, John, solicitor—office, Willow lane—residence, Thorpe
Goodwin, Dr. John W., Queen street
Goodwin, Charles, surgeon—agent for the National Life Assurance Society,
Willow lane
Goose, Jacob, green grocer, Rising Sun lane
Goose, Robert, builder, Union place
Goose, Mrs., milliner, Briggs’ street
Goose, William Henry, artist, Briggs’ street
Gorell, Robert Atkinson, silk and cotton merchant and yarn agent, Tudor
cottage, Unthank’s road
Gosnold, Henry George, clerk, Bethel street
Goulder, Elizabeth, milliner, Magdalen street
Gowen, Susan, broker, Pump street
Gower, Thomas, concentrated pure lemonade manufacturer, Gun lane
Gowing, Charles, saddler and harness maker, Castle hill
Gowen, Jeremiah, draper, St. Mary’s street
Graham, Nathaniel, baker, Union place
Grand, Edward, tailor, Upper King street
Grand, George, tailor, draper, and hatter, London street
Grant, Frederick, working jeweller, Ber street
Grant, Henry, grocer, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Grant, Thomas, chemist and druggist, Ber street
Graver, Abraham, green grocer, Magdalen street
Graver, Thomas, baker, St. Paul’s Church plain
Gray, Francis, tailor, Surrey street
Gray, James, hair dresser, Bethel street
Gray, Mary Ann, butcher, St. Benedict’s street
Gray, Richard, tailor, West Pottergate street
Green, Ann, dressmaker, milliner, and straw bonnet maker, register office
for servants, Post Office street
Green and Company, wholesale boot and shoe manufactory, Bethel street
Greene, Charles Jeremiah, tobacconist and tea dealer, Rose lane
Green, John, City of Norwich inn, St. Stephen’s plain
Green, John, gardener, Asylum lane
Green, John, plumber and glazier, Pottergate street
Green, Mary Ann, milliner and dressmaker, Colegate street
Greene, Robert, basket maker, St. Benedict’s street
Green, Robert and Son, timber merchants, Garden street, St. Michael’s at
Thorn lane
Green, Susanna, shopkeeper, St. James’ street
Green, William, clerk to Dean and Chapter office, Lower close
Green, William Dann, the Bee Hive, St. Paul’s Church plain
Greenhill, J., chemist and druggist, St. Giles’ street
Greeves, Benjamin, butcher, Upper market
Greeves, Henry, butcher, Market place; h Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Griffin, Mrs. E., carver and builder, Cow hill
Griffiths, Hannah, plane, saw, and brace manufacturer, Lower Goat lane
and Pottergate street
Griggs, Frederic William, pawnbroker, Upper King street
Griggs, William, tax collector, St. Benedict’s street
Grimmer, Samuel, spirit merchant, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Grimes, John, Norfolk and Eastern Counties’ Railway tavern, Upper King
street
Grimes, Maria, shopkeeper, Botolph street
Grinling, George, accountant, Unthank’s road
Grinter, Charles Edward, bookbinder, Gildengate street
Groom, George, dyer, Brazen Doors road
Groom, George, shoe manufacturer, St. Stephen’s street
Grout and Company, silk mills, St. Benedict’s
Gun, Robert, coach maker, Grove place, New Lakenham
Gunton, Alfred, surgeon dentist, St. Giles’ street
Gunton, Henry, watchmaker and jeweller, corner of Rampant Horse and
Briggs’ streets
Gunton, Thomas, horse hair seating manufacturer, St. Martin at Oak
Gurney, Francis, fishmonger, St. Paul’s street
Gurney, Richard, A. F., surgeon, St. Giles’ road
Gurneys, Birkbecks and Co., bankers, &c., Bank plain
Haddon, Mary Ann, grocer, tea dealer, and confectioner, Rose lane
Haggath, Thomas, tailor, New Catton
Hague, Francis, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, Charing cross
Hague, Francis, the Pigeons, Charing cross
Hagon, George, tailor, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Hagon, William, broker, St. Martin at Oak
Haldenstein, Philip, cap and shoe manufacturer, Bridewell alley
Hales, James, cabinet maker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Hall, Charles, butcher, Upper King street
Hall, James, draper, Regent street, Union place
Hall, James, painter, All Saints’ green
Hall, James, plumber, glazier, and to the Waterworks’ Company, Magdalen
street
Hall, Mrs. Lucia, dressmaker, William street
Hall, Timothy, boot maker, Ten-bell lane
Hall, Robert, umbrella maker, All Saints’ green
Hall, William, engraver and copper-plate printer, Back of the Inns
Hall, William, White Lion, St. Martin’s at palace
Hallows, George, saddle and harness maker, Rampant horse street
Hallows, Joseph, hair dresser, Royal Hotel street
Ham, Mrs. C. eating house, Orford hill
Hamley, O. S. commercial traveller, Distillery street
Hammond, John, Victoria tavern, 4, Upper Walk, Market-place
Hammond, Jonathan, shoemaker, Bridge street, Saint Lawrence
Hannah, Peter, licensed dealer in tea and coffee, Pottergate street
Hannant, Nathaniel, baker, Magdalen street
Hannant, Richard, grocer, tea dealer, and provision merchant, dealer in
British wines; Agent for Horne, Robins, and Co’s. Uncoloured Teas, Rose
corner
Hansell, Henry, solicitor, notary, public proctor, deputy registrar of
the Archdeacon of Norfolk, agent to Scottish Widow’s Fund Life Assurance
Society; office, Upper close
Hansell, Joseph, commercial traveller, Distillery street
Hansell, Robert, solicitor, Surrey street
Hansell, Sarah, earthenware dealer, St. Augustine’s street
Hansell, Mary, straw bonnet maker and blocker, John street, Rose lane
Hansell, William, green grocer, Church street, Union place
Hanworth, George, traveller, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Harbord, Joseph Massingham, saddle and harness maker, Upper St. Giles’
street
Harcourt, Anthony, gig manufacturer, Vauxhall terrace, Julian place
Harcourt, James, professor of music, Colegate street
Harden, Charles, baker, Tinkler’s lane
Hardesty, Alexander, stationer, &c., White Lion street
Hardesty, George, grocer and tea dealer, Charing cross
Hardiment, Eleanor, green grocer, St. Martin’s lane
Hardiment, Jarvis, china warehouse, St. Benedict’s street
Harding, Levi, Crocodile, Heigham street
Hardingham, William, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Hardy, Charles, whip maker, Saint John’s timberhill
Hardy, Francis, schoolmaster, St. Stephen’s road
Hardy, James, grocer, tea dealer, and tallow chandler, wholesale and
retail, Rampant Horse street
Hardy, Johnson, boot maker, St. Benedict’s street
Hardy, Michael baker, St. Catherine’s plain
Hardy, William Edwards, plumber, glazier, and painter, Dove street
Hardy, William, timber merchant, Pitt street
Hardy, William, Cherry Tree, Gildengate street
Hardiman, Sarah, academy, Bracondale
Hare, Edward, clerk to the Savings’ Bank, Lower close
Hare, John, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Hare, William, fishmonger, Upper market
Harley, John Payne, shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Harman, Adam, the Flying Dutchman, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Harman and Sons, wine, brandy, ale and porter merchants, St. Andrew’s
hill
Harmer, D. and Company, merchants, wharfingers, and general agents,
Duke’s Palace
Harmer, Daniel, maltster, King street
Harmer, Elizabeth, hair dresser, Ber street
Harmer, James, fruiterer, St. Stephen’s str.
Harmer, Robert, upholsterer, Carrow hill
Harper, Ambrose, builder, Southwell road, New Lakenham
Harper, George, dyer, Calvert street
Harper, James Cursey, brush, patten, and clog maker, St. Benedict’s
street
Harper, Joseph, dyer, &c., Bridge street
Harper and Sutton, druggists, Bank plain
Harper, William, William the Fourth, second Cross street, Union place
Harply, Thomas, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Harris, James, green grocer, Ber street
Harris, James Thomas, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturer, Ber street
Harris, Thomas, gardener, King street
Harris, William, Angel, Trowse Millgate
Harrison, Francis, confectioner, Elm hill
Harrison, John, grocer and tea dealer, Globe street, Union place
Harrison, Robert, grocer, Elm hill
Harrison, William Thomas, baker, Golden Ball street
Harrison, William, boot and shoe manufacturer, Bridewell alley
Harrison, William, confectioner, Saint Andrew’s hill
Harrison, William, tailor, St. Augustine’s street
Harrison, William, miller, New Mill yard, St. Swithin’s
Harrod, H., solicitor, agent to the Rock Life Assurance Company, Bank
street
Hart, Charles, general merchant, St. Giles’ street
Hart, J. Crown tavern, St. Stephen’s street
Hart, Philip W. coach builder, St. Giles’ gates
Hart, Robert, slaie and reed manufacturer, Golden Dog lane
Hartley, William, hairdresser and umbrella maker, Little Orford street
Hartmann, Francis Alexander, M.D., Surrey street
Hartt, Catherine Miss, boarding and day school for young ladies, Victoria
street, St. Stephen’s gates
Hartt, William George, jeweller and silversmith, London street
Harvey, John, boot-maker, London street
Harvey, Samuel, shopkeeper, Fishgate street
Harvey, John, comb manufacturer, Saint John’s Timberhill
Harvey and Hudson, bankers, Upper King street
Harvey and Stannard, pawnbrokers, William street
Hase, Thomas, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Hatcarton, Joseph, confectioner, Swan lane
Hatch, Frederick, baker, William street
Hatch, William Proctor, the Express Train, Rose lane
Havers, James Reynolds, Beehive, St. Stephen’s street
Havers, William Henry, pawnbroker, St. Paul’s opening
Haward, Ann, dressmaker, Theatre street
Hawes, Ann, clear starcher, Surrey street
Hawes, George, plumber, glazier, and painter, Mariner’s lane
Hawkes, Robert N., wool dealer, Willow lane
Haworth, William, shoemaker, St. Miles’ street
Hawyes, John, tailor, West Wymer street
Hay, William, surgeon dentist, Post office street
Haymoss, William, Two Quarts, Pottergate street
Heasel, the Misses, ladies’ boarding school, Surrey road
Heaviside, John, artist, Church street, St. Simon’s
Heigham, Richard, commision agent, Langham place, Dereham road
Hemmant, George, draper, Exchange street
Hemnell, Johnson, railway coffee house, Rose lane
Henderson, John, draper, St. Benedict’s road
Hepperson, Mary, dealer in haberdashery and fancy articles, White Lion
street
Herring, Henry, grocer, King street
Heseltine, James, Royal Hotel, Market place; h Old Lakenham
Hawing, Joseph, Plumbers’ Arms, Princes’ street
Hewett, Thomas, baker, Rising Sun lane
Hewitt, George, Red Lion, Red Lion street
Hewitt, George, shoe warehouse, West End street
Hewitt, James, carpenter and builder, St. Augustine’s road
Hewitt, John, land agent and surveyor, Bethel street
Hewitt, William, surgical instrument maker, St. Giles’ street
Heyward, Cary, brazier, Ber street
Heyward, James John, watch and clock maker, Little London street
Hicks, William, confectioner and tea dealer, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Higgins, Henry, congreve and box manufacturer, Mill hill, New Catton
High, George, Eagle tavern, West Pottergate
High, George, grocer, New Catton
Hill, James F., professor of music, St. Giles’ terrace
Hill, Horace, professor of music, Pottergate street
Hill, Lot, bookseller, Bridewell alley
Hill, John, grocer and tea dealer, Gildengate street
Hill, John, grocer, Cowgate street
Hill, John, grocer, St. Augustine’s street
Hill, John, grocer and tea dealer, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Hill, Joseph, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Hill, Michael, tailor, Palace street
Hill, Robert, baker, King street
Hill, Robert, hairdresser, Red Lion street
Hill, Samuel Secker, manager to Harveys and Hudson’s bank, Mile End lane,
Newmarket road
Hills and Underwood, licensed rectifiers, vinegar makers, and importers
of foreign wines and spirits, St. Faith’s lane
Hill, William, post-office, Thorpe hamlet
Hilling, Mary, Steam Packet, King street
Hinchly, Samuel, Napier tavern, Castle hill
Hinde, Francis, manufacturer; h All Saints’ green
Hinde, Ephraim and Francis, manufacturers of silk and worsted, Botolph
street
Hindes, Henry, sack manufacturer, Red Lion street; h St. Augustine’s road
Hindes, James, rope and sack manufacturer, Magdalen street
Hindes and Sons, rope, cord, twine, and sack manufacturers, Red Lion
street
Hindes, William, cord-spinner, St. Benedict’s street
Hindle, Thomas, fruiterer, Ber street
Hinsby, William, architect and surveyor, Princes’ street
Hipper, James, tailor, Rampant Horse street
Hipper, William, draper, St. Benedict’s street
Holder, Reuben, general warehouseman, St. Stephen’s street
Holl, George Norton, boot and shoe-maker, Castle street
Holl, George, boot and shoe maker, All Saints’ green
Holl, Harriet, confectioner and baker, Gildengate street
Holl, Robert D., boot and shoe maker, Exchange street
Holl, Robert shoemaker, Dereham road
Holland, Catherine, provision dealer, Lower Goat lane
Holland, Edward Christopher, surgeon, St. Stephen’s road
Holland, Emily, private lodging house, Unthank’s road
Holland, Francis, butcher, West Wymer street
Hollis, Robert, Shakespeare tavern, Theatre street
Holmes, Mrs. Esther, establishment for young ladies, St. Stephen’s road
Holmes, Edmund, the Drum, St. Swithin’s
Holmes, Henry, tobacco and cigar dealer, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Holmes, James, general dealer, King street
Holmes, John, boot maker, Surrey street
Holmes, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Rigby’s court
Holmes, Richard, accountant, Distillery street
Holmes, Robert, hairdresser, Palace plain
Holmes and Sons, iron founders, Castle hill
Holmes, Thomas, broker, Quay side
Holmes, William, shopkeeper, St. Paul’s back lane
Homan and Co., shoe manufacturers, Upper Market-place
Homœopathic Hospital, the, supported by voluntary contributions;
physician, Edward Christopher Holland, St. Stephen’s road
Hood, Robert, builder, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Hood, Robert, builder and carpenter, Sussex street
Hodds, Catherine, grocer, Ber street
Hoods, Richard, tailor, Elm hill
Hook, Joseph, shopkeeper, Surrey street
Hook, Samuel Beckett, tailor, &c., St. George’s plain
Holl, Alfred Samuel, commercial traveller, Rising Son road
Hooper, John, chemist and druggist, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Hopkins, John, tailor, Bethel street
Horn, Robert, shoemaker, Cambrian place, Heigham road
Horne, Caroline, tobacconist, Back of the inns
Hornor, Charles, land agent, St. Martin’s at Palace
Horne, John, estate agent, Castle hill
Horne, Robert, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturer, Little London street
Horner, R. J., Ironmonger; h St. Giles’ street
Hospital, St. Helen’s, for aged persons of both sexes, Bishopgate street
Hotblack, John, wholesale boot and shoe manufacturer, Orford hill
Hough, Joseph, grease, oil and pitch manufacturer, Castle hill
Houghton, David, silk dyer, carpet cleaner, and blanket scourer, St.
Giles’ street
Houghton, Henry, tobacconist and fruiterer, St. Giles’ street
Houghton, James, dyer, Ten Bell lane
Houghton, Robert, builder and baker, Ber street
Hovell, William, basket and sieve manufacturer, Charing cross
Howard, Miss Ann, ladies’ boarding school, Unthank’s road
Howard, Mrs. Ann, private lodging house, Grove place, New Lakenham
Howard, Charles, builder, Bishopgate street
Howard, Daniel, baker and shopkeeper, Barrack street
Howard, Emanuel Simon, Venetian blind manufacturer, Rose lane
Howard, George, coachmaker, Rampant Horse Back street
Howard, James, Sardinian tavern, St. Stephen’s street
Howard, John, carver, Bethel street
Howard, Robert, grocer and draper, New Catton
Howard, Thomas, Red Lion, Bishopgate street
Howard, William, butcher, New Catton
Howard, William, Duke of Marlborough, Fishgate street
Howell, James, currier, Castle hill
Howell, William, leather seller, Lower Goat lane
Howe, John Carter, Red Lion, Magdalen street
Howes, Abraham, boot and shoe maker, Rampant Horse street
Howes, Ann, shopkeeper, Pottergate street
Howes, Edward, green grocer, St. Paul’s street
Howes, George Smith, City Arms’ spirit vaults, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Howes, Henry, Half Moon, King street
Howes, Henry William, gig builder, Ber street
Howes, James, White Lion, Magdalen street
Howes, James, gardener, Magdalen street
Howes, James A., reporter, Valentine street
Howes, Robert Harvey, Adam and Eve, Tabernacle street
Howes and Son, grocers and tallow chandlers, Lower Goat lane
Howes, Thomas, coach builder, Castle hill
Howes, Thomas Self, coach builder, Rose lane; h Upper King street
Howes, William, green grocer, Cowgate street
Howlett and Co., wholesale and retail furnishing ironmongers, bar-iron
merchants, oil and colormen, &c., Haymarket
Howlett James, carpenter, Pottergate street
Howlett, Richard, tailor, Bridge street
Howlett, Thomas, grocer, St. Swithin’s
Howlett, Walter, tunist Valentine street
Howlett, William, pianoforte, harmonium, and music seller, organ builder,
repairer, and tuner, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Howman, William, White Lion, St. Martin’s at Oak
Hubbard, George, shopkeeper, King street gates
Hubbard, Henry, Stag’s Head, Prince’s street
Hubbard, Horatio, eating house, Upper market
Hubbard, James, brewer, and wine and spirit merchant, Magdalen street
Hubbard, Mary Ann, artist, All Saints’ green
Huby, Richard, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Hudbud, Stephen, auctioneer and valuer, St. Benedict’s street
Hudson, George, boot and shoe maker, West Pottergate
Huggins, Charles, the Barge, King street
Huggins, John, smith in general, Rising Sun lane
Huggins, Maria, upholsteress, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Hughes, William, the Bath House, St. Martin’s at Oak
Hull, Amos, shopkeeper, Peacock street
Hull, William, baker, St. Mary’s street
Hulme, John Hughes, dentist, druggist &c., St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Humphrey, William, shopkeeper, Pump street
Hunt, George, clerk, Post-office, Dereham road
Hunt, George, shopkeeper, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Hunt, James, confectioner, St. Stephen’s street
Hunt, John, shopkeeper, Quay side
Hunt, John Edwin, Cricketers’ Arms, Red Lion street
Hunt, John, confectioner, St. Benedict’s str.
Hunter, William, cabinet maker, Dove street
Hurn, Miss Elizabeth, milliner, Bank street
Hurn, George, rope manufacturer; h Newmarket road
Hurn and Co., hemp merchants, Dove street
Hurrell, William, fishmonger, Magdalen street
Huson, M. and Company, milliners and silk mercers, London street
Huson, Richard, brazier and tin-plate worker, William street
Hutchinson, Charles, physician, Surrey street
Hutton, John, tea dealer and coffee roaster, corner of Briggs’ street
Hyams, Emanuel, Birmingham warehouseman, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Ibrook, Richmond, clerk, Newmarket road
Ineson, Joseph, rag merchant, St. Andrew’s; h Distillery street
Isaac, Edward, baker, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Isaac, Edward, baker, Upper Regent street, Union place
Isaacs, John, slipper manufacturer, Gildengate street
Iverson, Edward, baker, West Pottergate
Ives, John, Baker’s Arms, Ber street
Ives, Elizabeth, White Lion, Upper King street
Ives, Charles, butcher, Magdalen street
Ives, George, auctioneer, appraiser, and estate agent, Upper King street
Jackson, Edward, butcher, Bridewell alley
Jackson, James, teacher of music, Cowgate street
Jackson, Joseph, draper, All Saints’ green
Jackson, William, musician, Prince’s street
Jackson, William, senr., musician, Fishgate street
James, Benjamin, jeweller, St. Andrew’s Broad street
James, Grace, milliner and dressmaker, Rose lane
James, Henry, chemist, St. Martin’s at Oak
James, John, shopkeeper, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Jarrold and Sons, publishers, wholesale booksellers, manufacturing and
fancy stationers, bookbinders, and steam printers, depository of the
Religions Tract Society, London street and Exchange street; and 47, St.
Paul’s Churchyard, London
Jarrold, Samuel, printer and publisher; h Bracondale
Jarrold, Thomas, printer and publisher; h Thorpe hamlet
Jarrold, William Pightling, printer and publisher; h Newmarket road
Jarvis, Henry, manager to the goods department E. C. railway station,
Rose lane
Jarvis, Joseph, shopkeeper, Fishgate street
Jarvis, Thomas W., clerk at Vinegar Office, Langham place, Dereham road
Jarvis, William, Drovers’ inn, Trowse Millgate
Jarvis, William, schoolmaster, Trafalgar place, New Lakenham
Jay, Charles, fishmonger, Fish market; h Unthank’s road
Jay, George, yarn factor, Albion Mills, King street
Jay, Joshua, dyer, Bethel street
Jay, John, lead, glass, oil, and color merchant, St. Andrew’s hill
Jay, Jonathan, shoemaker, Valentine street
Jay and Pilgrim, solicitors, Toll’s court, Briggs’ street
Jeary, Robert, stationer, bookseller and printer, Bridewell alley; h
Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Jeckells, George, grocer and cooper, Ber street gates
Jecks, Charles William, timber and slate merchant, St. Faith’s lane
Jeffries, George, gun and pistol maker, Golden Ball street
Jeffries, Walter L., clothier, Davey place; h William street, Heigham
Jeffries, William, shopkeeper, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Jermy, Jeremiah, fruiterer, Pottergate street
Jessup, Benjamin, solicitor, Bridewell alley
Jessup, William, Lion and Castle, St. John’s Timberhill
Johnson, Ambrose, chemist, Lower Westwick street
Johnson, Jacob, woollen draper, London str.
Johnson, Dr. James, Theatre street
Johnson, James, shoe manufacturer, St. Giles’ hill
Johnson, John Godwin, Esq., surgeon, St. Giles’ street
Johnson, Robert, universal register office for servants, house and land
agent, Gun lane
Johnson, Susanna, confectioner, Rampant Horse street
Jolly, Charles Wilson, coach builder and harness manufacturer, St.
Stephen’s gates; h Newmarket road
Jolly, John, King’s Arms, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Jones, Mrs. Elizabeth, linen draper, hosier, &c., Briggs’ street
Jones, James, butcher, Grove place, New Lakenham
Jones, Peter, plumber, St. Margaret’s alley
Jordan, John, boot and shoe maker, St. Miles’ bridge
Keddington, Frederick, butcher, Ber street
Kahler, John Henry, baker, Rose lane
Keith, Thomas Moore, solicitor, Bracondale
Kemp, Daniel R., merchant’s clerk, William street
Kemp, George Pank, hairdresser, Exchange street
Kemp, Henry, subscription reading rooms and billiard rooms, Market place
Kemp, James, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Kemp, James, baker, Union place
Kemp, James Samuel, the Sun, St. Mary’s street
Kemp, Mrs. Mary, tea dealer, Golden Dog lane
Kemp, Thomas, saddler and harness maker, Castle hill
Kemp, William, wholesale shoe manufacturer, Pitt street
Kemp, William, the Tuns inn, Rising Sun lane
Kempster, Mrs., seminary for young ladies, Tabernacle-house, Norwich
Kent, Alfred, dealer, Upper Goat lane
Kent, Henry, hosier and shirt maker, London street
Kent, Robert, boot and shoe maker, White Lion street
Kent, Thomas, Light Horseman, Barrack street
Kenyon, John, saw and file manufacturer, Lower Goat lane
Kerridge, John, shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Kerr, John, plumber and glazier, Lower Goat lane
Kerr, Stephen John, printer and binder, Distillery street
Kerridge, John, the Reindeer, St. Benedict’s road
Kerrison, James, watchmaker, Magdalen street
Kerrison and Preston, solicitors, Bank street
Kerry, George Caythorpe, accountant, Elm hill
Kett, George, butcher, Ber street
Kett, George, draper, Lame Dog road
Kett, George, dealer in live stock, St. Catherine’s plain
Kett, George William, the Swan, Magdalen street
Kett, Henry, coach and gig builder, St. Giles’ street
Kett, William, draper, London and Exchange streets
Kew, Flora and Charlotte, hair dressers and perfumers, White Lion street
Kew, Louisa, milliner and dressmaker, St. Giles’ street
Key, George, meat shop, St. Martin’s at Oak
Keyzor, Michael, optician, Market-place
Kiddell, Joshua, manufacturer, Calvert street
Kilburn, William, clothes shop, St. Benedict’s street
Kilburn, William, the William Tell, Castle hill
Killington, Samuel Foysder, plane maker, Pottergate street
Kinnebrooke, David, pianoforte manufacturer, St. Catherine’s terrace
King, Alfred, dyer, Tinkler’s lane
King, Edward, butcher, St. Catherine’s plain
King, George, grocer, West Pottergate
King, George, White Lion, Prince’s street
King, J. and J., glass, lead, and colour merchants, Prince’s street
King, Russell, wool-sorter, Ber street
King, Samuel, Theatre tavern, Bethel street
King, D. and Son, plumbers, glaziers, and painters, Prince’s street
King, Tyrrell, umbrella maker, St. Saviour’s lane
King, William Howes, tailor, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Kingdom, Priscilla, the Wine Vaults, Queen street, Crook’s place
Kirkham and Howard, upholsterers, Redwell street
Kitton, Frederic, tobacconist, Haymarket
Kitton, George, grocer, tea dealer, and tallow chandler, corner of the
Haymarket
Kitton, John, seed crusher and oil merchant Rose lane; h the Close
Kitton, Robert, architect and surveyor, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ road; h
Ber street
Klein, Herr Herman, professor of languages, Prince’s street
Knevett, Henry, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Knevett, Jonathan, linen draper, St. Benedict’s street
Knight, Charlotte, pawnbroker, Ber street
Knights and Ballard, pawnbrokers, All Saints’ green
Knights, Susanna, Boarded-house inn, Castle meadow
Knights, Thomas, furrier, Castle meadow
Knights, Thomas, bird preserver, Upper King street
Knights, James, pawnbroker, St. Benedict’s street
Lacey, William, White Horse inn, bricklayer and plasterer, Castle hill
Lacey, John, bricklayer and plasterer, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Lacey, William Randall, carpenter, builder, and general contractor, St.
Andrew’s Broad street
Lacey, Esau, shopkeeper, Norfolk street, Union place
Lacey, George Plummer, builder, Surrey road
Lacey, James Wilkin, builder, Surrey street
Lacey, John Greenwood, plasterer, Ber street
Ladbrooke, John Barney, artist, Bridge street
Lake, James, outfitter, Red Lion street
Lake, John, private lodging-house, Grove road, New Lakenham
Lake, Samuel, baker and confectioner, St. George’s plain
Lake, William, classical and boarding academy, St. Benedict’s road
Lake, William, tea, coffee, and foreign fruit warehouse, and sole agent
in Norfolk to Brecknell, Turner, and Sons, wax and tallow chandlers to
her Majesty, Surrey corner, St. Stephen’s street
Lamb, Benjamin Charles, coal merchant, Magdalen street
Lamb, Edward, bookseller, Elm hill
Lamb, James, butcher, Upper market
Lamb, Miss E., milliner and dressmaker, Grapes hill
Lamb, Robert, butcher, Palace street
Lamb, William, pork butcher, Grapes hill
Lambert, Francis, tea, coffee, and spice warehouse, Lower Goat lane
Lambert, Mary, ladies’ boarding school, Queen street
Lammas, Brothers and Co., wholesale tea dealers, Gentleman’s walk,
Market-place
Land, Henry, baker, Colegate street
Land, Thomas, agent to the Hill Life Assurance, King street
Land, William, church and house bell hanger and gas fitter, Hay hill
Lane, Humphrey, sugar boiler, King street
Lane, Isaac, provision merchant and cheese factor, Stamp-office yard,
Saint Andrew’s Broad street
Lane, James, carpenter, New Catton
Lane, Joseph, worsted seller, All Saints’ green
Lantenant, Camille, professor of the French language, Prince’s street
Lantenant, Madame, ladies’ boarding school, Prince’s street
Large, John, tallow chandler, Whitefriars’ street
Larke, Frederick William, boot and shoe manufacturer, St. John’s
Timberhill
Larke, Hannah Susanna boarding school, Cow hill
Larkman, Robert, the Saw Mills, St. Benedict’s
Larkman, William, baker, King street
Larkman, William, green grocer, St. Augustine’s street
Larkman, William, tailor and cap manufacturer, Gildengate street
Lasker, Mary Ann, Goldbeaters’ arms, Bethel street
Lavitt, Charles, ironmonger, Botolph street
Lawcons, Virtue, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Lawn, William, Adam and Eve, St. Benedict’s street
Lawrence, William, upholsterer, Ten Bell lane
Lawrence, Thomas, meat shop, St. Faith’s lane
Laws, James, publican, Wine tavern, Upper St. Giles’ street
Laws, John, baker, St. Michael’s at Thorn lane
Laws, John, the Hospital School-boy, Whitefriars’ street
Laws, Lubbock, Lord Howe, St. Benedict’s street
Laws, Robert, bonnet blocker, Westlegate street
Laws, Robert, Swiss Cottage tavern, St. Benedict’s road
Lawton, William, Curriers’ Arms, Union street, Union place
Lay, George, chemist and druggist, Wellington street, Union place
Leamon, William, George inn, St. Stephen’s street
Leath, Thomas, house and estate agent, William street
Leaton, Mary Ann, Rose tavern, St. Stephen’s street
Lee, George, commercial dining rooms, Market-place
Lee, William, boot and shoe-maker, All Saints’ street
Leech, George, whitesmith and bell-hanger, Upper Goat lane; h. West
Pottergate
Leech, James, baker, Little Queen street, Crook’s place
Leech, Jane, stay maker, St. George’s plain
Leech, John, boot and shoe manufactory, Somerset tavern, Queen street,
Crook’s place
Leech, Philip, builder, St. Martin’s lane
Leeds, Edward and Charles, whip makers, All Saints’ green
Leeds, Sarah, shopkeeper, Tinkler’s lane
Leeson, Richard Croft, cabinet maker, and upholsterer, St. Giles’ street
Leest, Mrs. Harriet, furrier, William street
Leggatt, Daniel, shopkeeper, Thorpe hamlet
Leggatt, John, whitesmith, Scoles’ green
Leggatt, Sarah, bonnet maker, Crescent place
Legood, James, Bricklayers’ Arms, Castle hill
Leist, James, dealer in Birmingham and Sheffield ware, Wensum street
Le Maitre, H., wine cooper, St. Stephen’s
Leman, Robert, managing clerk to the Norwich Union Fire Office, Surrey
street; h. Newmarket road
Leman, Thomas, baker, All Saints’ street
Lemmon, James, printer, bookbinder, and ruler, Gun lane
Lemon, William, horse-breaker, George inn, St. Stephen’s street
Liffen, John Palmer, bookbinder, Gildengate street
Lincoln, James, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Lincoln, James, shoe manufactory, Ten Bell lane
Lincoln, John, pipe and lucifer manufacturer, Pump street
Lincolne, Miss, ladies’ academy, Surrey street
Lincolne, Morris, hairdresser, New Lakenham
Linford, Robert, watch and clock maker, Red Lion street
Ling, Abraham, Shirehall tavern, Castle hill
Ling, George, builder, All Saints’ green
Ling, Harriet Elizabeth, ladies’ academy, Bethel street
Ling, Henry, schoolmaster, Unthank’s road
Ling, William Samuel, tailor and robe maker, Castle meadow
Lingwood, Mr., superintendent of the Boys’ Home, St. Faith’s lane
Lenny, Samuel, merchant, Pottergate street
Linsey, Robert, shopkeeper, Church street
Linstead, Robert, shopkeeper, St. George’s plain
Lister, Son, and Co., manufacturing cutlers and surgical instrument
makers, Haymarket
Littell, Charles, boot manufactory, Upper market
Littell, Henry, commercial traveller, St. Stephen’s road
Littleboy, George, solicitor and merchant, Lower close
Littleboy, John, clerk at Gurneys’ bank St. Benedict’s road
Littlewood, Ephraim, the Ship, King street
Livingstone, Thomas, shopkeeper, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Livock, Joseph, whitesmith, Elm hill
Livock, Samuel, shopkeeper, Brazen Door’s road
Livock, William Thomas, tailor, draper, and hatter, London street
Lloyd, J. P., boot and shoe manufacturer, Davey place
Lloyd, Richard, clerk to the Eastern Counties’ Coal Company, William
street
Lloyd, Thomas, general mason, Rose lane; h. Bloomsbury place
Loades, Benjamin, land surveyor, Pottergate street
Lock, Charles, confectioner, Exchange street
Lock, Elizabeth, Rainbow tavern, Holl’s lane
Lock, Henry, boot and shoe maker, St. Stephen’s street
Lock, Henry, civil engineer, St. Catherine’s plain
Lofty, James, hairdresser, St. George’s plain
Lomas, Eliza, milliner, Lower Goat lane
Lomas, William, saw maker, St. Gregory’s church alley
Lonergon, Francis, the Dove, St. James’ street
Long, Edward Slingsby Druery, solicitor, Willow lane
Long, Joseph Page, baker, St. James’ street
Long, Thomas, commercial traveller, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Loombe, Thomas, boot and shoe manufacturer, St. John’s Timberhill
Lord, James, Eagle tavern, Lower Westwick street
Lord, John, wool warehouse, Fishgate street
Louth, Robert, Rampant Horse commercial and family hotel, and wine and
spirit merchant, Rampant Horse street
Love, Charles Teasdale, plumber, glazier, and painter, Palace street
Love, Ebenezer, grocer and tea dealer, White friars’ street
Love, Henry James, clerk to the Unity Fire Office, Keyzor’s terrace,
Unthank’s road
Love, William, Queen Caroline, Cowgate street
Lovett, Henry, general dealer and fancy repository, St. Stephen’s street
Lovett and Kidd, fancy repository, Bank street
Lovick and Company, glass and china dealers, Bridewell alley
Lovick and Johnson, woollen drapers and hosiers, London street
Lovick, Thomas, Bridge tavern, Wensum street
Lowe, Alfred, tea dealer and baker, Holl’s lane
Lowe, Francis, baker, Ber street
Lowe, Joseph, confectioner, Gildengate street
Lowne, James, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Lucas Brothers, builders, &c., St. Giles’ street
Lucas, William, plasterer, Chapman’s yard, St. Giles’ street
Ludlow, Henry, banker’s clerk, Grove road, New Lakenham
Lulham Brothers, shoe manufacturers, Surrey street
Lusher, Mrs. Emily, private lodging house, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
gates
Mace, Gilbert, match manufactory, Barrack street
Mace, Mary Ann, the Grapes, Church street, St. Miles’
Mackie, Arthur, nursery, Ipswich road
Mackie and Stewart, nursery and seedsmen, Exchange street
Mackley, George William, working jeweller, Westlegate street
Mackley, John, the Cow, Barrack street
Mackley, John Edward, tailor, Westlegate street
Mackley, Richard, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Mackley, Thomas, Black Boys, Colegate str.
Mackney, Charles, Exmouth tavern, St. Stephen’s street
Madders, Anthony, accountant, Thorpe hamlet
Madge, Giles, tunist, Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Madge, Robert A., teacher of music, Pitt street, St. Mary’s
Madge, Harriet, milliner and dressmaker, Pitt street, St. Mary’s
Mallett, Charles, tailor and draper, London street; h. Unthank’s road
Mallett, Francis and Charles, woollen drapers, tailors, and hatters,
London street
Mallett, Frederick, general shop, St. James’ street
Mallett, Joseph Henry, wool merchant, Upper King street
Maltman, Miss Jemima, dressmaker, St. Benedict’s road
Malvon, Jeremiah, sugar boiler, St. James’ street
Mann, Charles Clabburn, tailor, Theatre street
Mann, George, the Golden Lion, King street gates
Mann, Joseph, grocer and tea dealer, St. Benedict’s road
Mann, Samuel, boot and shoe manufacturer, Magdalen street
Mann, Thomas, linen draper, St. Giles’ road
Mann, Matthew, Woolpack, St. Martin’s at Oak
Manning, George, hardware dealer, Westlegate street
Manthorpe, Thomas, butcher, King street
Mare, Stephen, builder, Lady’s lane
Marsack, Blackall, surgeon, St. Giles’ street
Marshall, Joseph, tailor and trouser maker, Rampant Horse street
Marshall, Peter, clothier, Ber street
Marshall, Robert, general shop, Lower Westwick street
Marrison, John, butcher, St. James’ street
Marrison, Robert, gun and pistol maker and engraver, Orford street
Marshall, Joseph, Queen Adelaide, Pitt street
Marshall, Robert, confectioner, Magdalen street
Marston, Richard, confectioner, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Martin, John, George the Fourth, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Martin, Mrs. Rebecca, pill-box maker, West Pottergate street
Martin, Robert, sheriff’s officer, Hay hill
Martin and Son, boot and shoe makers, St. Gregory’s church alley
Martin, Thomas Lillystone, umbrella and parasol manufacturer, Upper
London street
Mason, Henry John, auctioneer, Duke’s Palace road
Mason, Henry, hairdresser, Ber street
Mason, John, accountant, Distillery street
Mason, John Leeds, Sir John Barleycorn, Orford hill
Mason, Robert, tailor, West Wymer street
Mason, Samuel, basket maker, Ber street
Mason, William, White Horse inn, Magdalen street
Master, Alfred, surgeon, Bethel street
Massingham, Arthur, clerk, Grove road, New Lakenham
Massingham, Henry, clerk, St. Catherine’s plain
Massingham, Robert, baker and confectioner, Bethel street
Matchett and Stevenson, printers and publishers of the _Norfolk
Chronicle_, Market place
Matthews, Joseph, the Mischief tavern, St. Paul’s back lane
Matthews and Son, practical botanists, St. Benedict’s road
Matthews, William, Cupid and Bow, Palace plain
May, James, boot and shoe maker, Upper St. Giles’ street
May, William, fish dealer, Cowgate street
May, William, the King of Prussia, Ipswich road
Mayfield, James, shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Mayhew, George, grocer and broker, Heigham road
Mayhew, James, livery stable keeper, Chapel field and St. Giles’ street
Main, Susan, stay maker, Briggs’ street
Mays, George, solicitor, Grove road, New Lakenham
Meachen, George, carpenter, St. Benedict’s road
Meachen, Stephen, builder, William street
Meadows, Cornelius, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, wholesale and
retail, Magdalen street
Meadows, George, earthenware dealer, Westlegate street
Meadows, Jonathan, shopkeeper, St. Mary’s street
Meadows, Jonathan, coach builder, St. George’s bridge street
Meadows, Miss Susanna, milliner, Prince’s street
Meal, Frederick, broker, Tombland
Mealing, Samuel William; and Mills, Robert, maltsters and merchants, King
street
Mealing, Samuel Woodcock, corn merchant, office, King street; h. Ipswich
road
Mear, William, architect and surveyor, Lower close
Meen, Henry Percy, butcher, St. Stephen’s street
Mendham, Wace Lockett, town clerk, solicitor; office, St. Andrew’s, h
Unthank’s road
Merry, Robert, boot and shoemaker, King street
Metcalf, Francis, dyer, &c., Colegate street
Metcalf, Simon Watling, clothes dealer, St. Benedict’s street
Mc‘Michael, Daniel, tea dealer, Valentine street
Mickleburgh, John Henry, clothier, St. Margaret’s plain
Middleton and Answorth, manufacturers, Calvert street
Middleton, Edward, hairdresser, &c., St. Giles’ street
Middleton, George, shawl manufacturer and farmer, Ipswich road
Middleton, James, clerk, New road, Town close
Middleton, James, shopkeeper, Calvert street
Middleton, John, boot and shoe maker, St. Augustine’s street
Middleton, Jeremiah, Crown, Bridge street
Middleton, John, tobacco manufacturer, Trafalgar place, Dereham road
Middleton, John, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Middleton, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, West Wymer street
Miles, Charles, chemist and druggist, St. Stephen’s street
Miles, Stephen, manufacturer, Gildengate street
Miles, Susan, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Millard, Charles William, surveyor, Prince’s street
Millard and Son, land surveyors, Prince’s street
Miller, Alfred, baker, Chapel field road
Miller, Amelia, tobacconist and importer of cigars, London street
Miller, George Robert, cabinet and picture-frame maker, St. Andrew’s hill
Miller, George, butcher and grocer, City road
Miller, Son, and Bugg, solicitors, Surrey street
Miller, Henry, solicitor; offices, Surrey str., h Town Close lodge,
Newmarket road
Miller, Henry B., solicitor; h Ipswich road
Miller, John, the Factory, Cowgate street
Miller, John, carpenter, Gildengate street
Miller, Wallace Shade, tobacconist and cigar importer, London street, h.
Grove road, New Lakenham
Miller, William, tailor, Grapes hill
Mills, Miss Ann, boarding and day school for young gentlemen, Unthank’s
road
Mills, Frederic Anthony, surgeon; surgery, All Saints’ green, h.
Newmarket road
Mills, Jacob, accountant, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Mills, James, brick, tile, pipe, and pottery works, Castle meadow
Mills, Jeremiah, Pheasant Cock, St. Miles’ street
Mills, John, Corn Exchange tavern, Bridge street
Mills, John, Queen’s Arms, Magdalen street
Mills, Mary Ann, the Bell, Lower Goat lane
Mills, William, glover and leather seller, Golden Ball street
Milnes, Charles, Golden Can, Gildengate street
Minns, David, butcher, St. Benedict’s
Minns, Edward, carpenter and builder, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Minns and Foyson, builders, Castle meadow
Minns, Isaac, shopkeeper, King street, Crook’s place
Minns, Robert, the Jolly Hatters, Cowgate street
Minns, Samuel William, tailor, Golden Dog lane
Minns, Susanna, Eagle tavern, St. Gregory’s church alley
Minns, William, boot maker, Rising Sun lane
Minns, George William, builder; h Tombland
Mingay, George, fancy repository and London boot and shoe warehouse,
Haymarket
Mingay, Francis, French polisher, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Mitchell, Frederick G., grocer, &c., Palace street, Tombland
Mitchell, John, travelling draper, Dereham road terrace
Moll, George, livery stableman, Black Horse yard, St. Giles’ street
Moll, Richard, cabinet maker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Moll, Robert, Black Horse inn, St. Giles’ street
Moll, William, assistant draper, Heigham road
Monney, James, grocer, Bethel street
Monsey, James, cooper, St. Michael’s at Thorn lane
Monsey, Robert, green grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Monteith, George Lovell, commission agent, Unthank’s road
Moon, Robert, boot and shoe maker, New Catton
Moore, Charles, umbrella maker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Moore and Company, wholesale haberdashers, hosiers, and lacemen, Castle
street
Moore, Eleanor, Two-necked Swan, Upper market
Moore, Elizabeth, Jolly Dyers, Wensum str.
Moore, Elizabeth, the Suffolk Arms, St. Martin’s at Oak
Moore, Forster G., soda water manufacturer, St. George’s; h Mount
Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Moore, George, Brazen Doors’ tavern, Lame Dog road
Moore, Isaac, hairdresser, St. Giles’ hill
Moore, James, hairdresser, Ber street
Moore, James, tailor, St. Catherine’s terrace
Moore, John, the Globe, Rising Sun lane
Moore, John, Fair Flora, Lower Westwick street
Moore, John, Jolly Dyers, Fishgate street
Moore, John, clerk, Rose lane
Moore, Joseph, grocer and register office, Magdalen street
Moore, Norris, the New City, King street, Crook’s place
Moore, Norris, carter, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Moore, William, hairdresser, Ber street
Moore, William, builder, Trafalgar place, New Lakenham
Morgan, A. F., surgeon, St. Giles’ street
Morgan, Edward and Co., stock and share-brokers, St. Giles’ street
Morgan, J. and H., brewers and maltsters, King street
Morgan, Richard, clerk, Newmarket road
Morgan, William Robert, pawnbroker, St. Saviour’s lane and St. Paul’s
street
Morris, George, Red Lion, Magdalen street
Morris, John, slate, cement, glazed stoneware, and pipe merchant, King
street
Morrison, Peter Archibald, wine and spirit merchant Gaol hill,
Market-place
Morter, Robert grocer and tea dealer, Rupert street, Union place
Mortimer, Mary and H. E., milliners and dressmakers, Willow lane
Mortimer, Thomas, commercial traveller, St. Catherine’s plain
Mounsear, William, upholsterer, Pottergate street
Mountain, John, sack weaver, Mill lane, New Catton
Mousir, Robert, bookseller, St. Giles’ street
Mower, Edward, tailor, Fox buildings, Herring’s row
Moy, George, fishmonger, St. Benedict’s str.
Moy, James, the Tiger, Fishgate street
Mullinger, Samuel, Rose commercial inn, St. Augustine’s street
Munday, Thomas, grocer, Mill lane, New Catton
Munford, George, the Royal Oak, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Murnane, John, Bell commercial and family hotel, and wine and spirit
merchant, Orford hill and Cattle market
Murry, James, tailor, Mariner’s lane
Murray, Joseph, carpenter and joiner, New Lakenham
Murrell, Gibbs Howes, brick merchant, Duke’s palace
Murrell, James, earthenware dealer, Chapel field road
Murrell, William, Lord Nelson inn, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Murrell, William, iron founder, Crook’s place; h St. Stephen’s square
Muskett, Charles, printer, bookseller, bookbinder, and stationer,
Haymarket
Muskett, James, grocer and tea dealer, St. Benedict’s road
Murton, William, brazier, St. Miles’ street
Myhill, Benjamin, baker, St. Martin’s at Palace
Nash, R. S., Norfolk Railway house, Foundry bridge
Nash, Joseph, provision dealer and purveyor, Post-office street
Nash, William Spooner, wholesale stationer, horse-hair and rag merchant,
Lower Westwick street
Neale, James Frederick, grocer and tea dealer, St. Andrew’s hall plain
Neep, William Edward, surgeon dentist, Post-office street
Neeve, Frederick, grocer, St. Stephen’s str.
Neve, Charles James, cabinet maker, King street gates
Nelson, Thomas, carpenter, Barrack street
Nelson, William, academy, William street
Newham, George, carpenter, Front row, New Lakenham
Newbegin, J. and E., tobacco, snuff, and cigar manufacturer, Bridewell
alley and Market place
Newham, John, carpenter and joiner, New Lakenham
Newby, James, Duke of Wellington, Pottergate street
Newman, Henry, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Newman, Henry Richard, baker, Ber street
Newman, John, farmer and gardener, Old Lakenham
Newman, Samuel, bookseller, stationer, and fancy repository, St. Giles’
street
Newman, Sarah, Three Pigeons, Fishgate street
Newson and Company, wholesale grocers, Magdalen street
Newson, Samuel, baker, Trowse Millgate
Newton, William, fruiterer, Swan lane
Newstead, William, draper, &c., Lower Goat lane
Newton, William, land agent, Tombland
Nichols, Elizabeth, clothier, Upper Goat lane
Nichols, John, bricklayer and plasterer, Golden Ball street
Nichols, John, the Old Friends, Ber street
Nichols, Richard, shopkeeper, City road
Nichols, William Peter, surgeon, Surrey street
Nichols, William, Curriers’ Arms, Pottergate street
Nicholson, John, surveyor of taxes; office, St. Giles’ street; h Priest’s
buildings, St. Stephen’s
Nickalls, John, broker, St. Augustine’s street
Nightingale, Robert Wilson, grocer and tea dealer, St. Stephen’s gates
Ninham, Henry, engraver, Chapel field
Nixon, John Hudson, solicitor, Bracondale
Nobbs, Edward, coach plater, King street
Nobbs, Edward, Brewers’ Arms, St. Miles’ street
Nobbs, Henry, Duke of York, Lower Westwick street
Nobbs, John, the Little Tuns, Rising Sun road
Noble, Mark, organ builder, Pottergate street
Nockall, Robert, clerk, Golden Dog lane
Norgate, B. H., F.R.S., senior surgeon to the Norfolk and Norwich
Hospital and Eye Infirmary, Bank street
Norgate and Co., importers of wines and spirits, London porter and Burton
ale agents, St. Stephen’s street
Norman, Robert, plumber and glazier, York place, Chapel field road
Norman, Benjamin, printer and bookbinder, Haymarket
Norris, James, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Charing cross; h Newmarket
road
Norton, Francis James, tailor, draper, hatter, and trouser maker, Back of
the Inns
Norton, George, boot and shoe maker, St. Stephen’s street
Norton, Henry, Rampant Horse, Fishgate street
Norton, Henry, carpenter and builder, John street, Union place
Norton, John and Co., corn, malt, hop, and seed merchant, Guildhall
corner, Market place
Norton, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, Fye bridge
Norton, Robert, plumber and glazier, Magdalen street
Notley, William, carpenter and joiner, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Nunn, John, hairdresser, St. Augustine’s street
Nursey, Claude L., artist, Thorpe hamlet
Oakley, Robert, shoeing smith, Palace street
Ollett, M. A., builder and carver, Lower close
Olley, Stephen Benjamin, brazier, St. Benedict’s street
Onley, Daniel, Red Lion, earthenware dealer, Brazen Doors road
Orams, Edward, ironmonger, Langham place, Dereham road
Orfeur, John, timber merchant, Fishgate street
Orford, William, the Brickmakers’ Arms, Drazen Doors road
Orris, Frederick, surgeon and apothecary, Magdalen street
Orris, George, chemist and druggist, St. James’ street
Osborne, Samuel, clerk, St. Benedict’s road
Osborn, Charles, Anchor Tavern, Ten Bell lane
Osborn, John, tailor, &c., Little London street
Osborne, Edward, coal merchant, Quay side
Osborne, Harriet, Queen Caroline, St. Martin’s at Oak
Ostler, Charles, the Prince of Wales, Pump street
Ostler, James, paper hanger, Suffolk street, Union place
Otty, Philip, printer and bookbinder, Orford hill
Oury and Co., British and foreign library, booksellers, stationers, and
music-sellers, London street
Owen, Frederick, pawnbroker, Magdalen street
Owen, Thomas, pawnbroker, Colegate street
Owles, William, shopkeeper, Westlegate street
Oxley, Richard, hosier and glover, London street
Page, Charlotte, grocer, Bridge street
Page, Caroline, Post-office and toy shop, St. Catherine’s plain
Page, Martin Fountain, ironmonger, h Point House, Ipswich road
Page, George, currier, St. Clement’s; h Unthank’s road
Page, James, Free Trade tavern, Rose lane
Page, Jeremiah, bricklayer and plasterer, Rising Sun road
Page, Joseph, tailor, shirt maker, hosier, and outfitter, Briggs’ street
Page, Mary, bread and biscuit baker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Page, Samuel, builder, West Pottergate
Page, Samuel Daynes, brush manufactory, Haymarket
Page and Son, curriers, Magdalen street
Pallant, Robert, Ship inn, St. Miles’ Thorn lane
Palmer, John and William, black and whitesmiths, and mill bill maker, St.
Augustine’s street
Palmer, Louisa, straw bonnet maker and blocker, West Pottergate street
Palmer, Nathaniel, barrister-at-law, Thorpe
Palmer, Robert, the Angel, St. Martin’s at Oak
Palmer, Robert, whitesmith, St. Saviour’s lane
Palmer, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Palmer, Thomas Hitchin, clerk of County Court, Redwell street
Palmer, Thomas, shopkeeper, Crook’s place
Palmer, William, clerk to Harvey’s Bank; h Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Palmer, William, last maker, St. John’s Timberhill
Pank, Abraham, gas fitter and bell hanger, Pottergate street
Paraman, Christiana, milliner, St. Giles’ street
Parfitt, Edward, gardener and florist, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Park, Joseph, mohair spinner, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Parker, Clare, bricklayer and plasterer, St. Martin’s at Oak
Parker, Clare, baker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Parker, James, haberdasher, St. Catherine’s plain
Parker, Joshua, fishmonger, Fishmarket
Parker, Miss M., milliner, Bethel street
Parker, Oliver, tailor, Thorpe hamlet
Parker, Thomas, fishmonger, game dealer, and artificial manure
manufacturer, St. Stephen’s street
Parker, Thomas, eating house, Rose lane
Parlour, Henry Edward, ironmonger, London street
Parnell, Richard, bricklayer and plasterer, Lady’s lane
Parr, James, fruiterer, King street
Parr, John, bread and biscuit baker, St. Peter’s steps, Market-place
Parr, William M., engineer, and manager to Steam Power Company, William
street
Parsley, John Robert, Duke of Wellington, Union place
Parsley, Miss M., milliner and dressmaker, Grapes hill
Parsons, Walter Uriah, clerk to the Eastern Counties’ Railway, Thorpe
hamlet
Parson, William, manager of the Waterworks, Bracondale
Partridge, John, boot and shoe manufacturer, Scott’s yard, Ber street
Pashley, Anna, milliner and dressmaker, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Paston, William, Paul Pry, St. Giles’ hill
Patrick, Francis, shopkeeper, All Saints’ green
Patrick, James F., and Ellis, Thomas, saw mills, St. Miles’
Patteson, James, boot and shoe maker, St. Benedict’s street
Patteson, Henry Staniforth, maltster, St. Martin’s at Oak; h Thorpe
Paul, Greenwood, clothier, Lower Westwick street
Paul, Richard, ham and beef shop, Bridewell alley
Payne, John, All Saints’ tavern, All Saints’ green
Payne, Simon, Bee hive, Cowgate street
Payne, Sturley, surgeon, Duke street
Pearce, Henry, Central Homœopathic Pharmacy for the Eastern Counties,
Davey place
Pearce, Philip, whitening maker and lime burner, Rising Sun road
Pearce, William, New Inn Brewery, marine store dealer, St. Giles’ hill
Pearson, Edward, plasterer, modeller, and Scagliola manufacturer, Bank
street
Pearson, Edward Crisp, coachmaker, Stamp-office yard, St. Andrew’s Broad
street
Pearson, James, cutler and surgical instrument maker, St. Andrew’s hill
Pearson, Robert, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Pease, Esther, milliner, Pottergate street
Peel, Edward, dyer, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Pegg, George, Norwich Arms, Ber street
Peggs, James Orissa, chemist and druggist, oil and colourman, agent to
the Medical Invalid and General Life Assurance Society, Golden Ball
street
Pegg, Thomas, baker, Bakers’ Arms, New Catton
Penton, James, broker, Rising Sun road
Penton, James, broker, Magdalen street
Perfect, Joseph, green grocer, Lower Westwick street
Perowne, Robert, tailor, &c., St. Benedict’s road
Pert, James, green grocer, Magdalen street
Petchell, William, Crown inn, St. Benedict’s street
Phillips, Miss Ann, ladies’ boarding school, London terrace, St.
Stephen’s road
Phillips, Francis, Mancroft school, Hay hill
Phillips, Elizabeth, seminary for young gentlemen, Chatham place, St.
Stephen’s gates
Phillips, Francis, fishmonger, St. Catherine’s plain
Phillips, John, Eagle and Child Brewery, Golden Ball street
Phillips, John, woollen draper and hatter, Orford hill
Phillips, Robert, wool merchant, Newmarket road
Phillips, Samuel Michael, watchmaker, Chapel field road
Phillips, William, Nelson inn, St. John’s Timberhill
Philo, Joseph, saddler and harness maker, Upper London street
Pickford and Company, general carriers, Duke’s Palace road
Pierson, W. P., brewer, St. Lawrence
Pigg, Frederic, timber merchant, Bridge street, St. George’s
Pigg, Greenwood, and Co., general furnishing and shop-fitting
cabinet-makers and upholsterers, carvers and gilders, London street
Pigg, Henry, bookseller, printer, stationer, and bookbinder; agent to the
Albion Life Assurance Company, London street; h Lakenham street
Pigg, Horace Samuel, woollen draper, Haymarket; h Grove road, New
Lakenham
Pigg, James, the Cellar House, Barrack street
Pigg, James William, classical and mathematical teacher, Grove cottage,
Thorpe hamlet
Pigg, John, commercial traveller, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Pigg, Samuel and Sons, woollen drapers and warehousemen, Haymarket
Piggin and Dyball, watch and clock makers, opticians and jewellers, Post
Office street
Piggot, John Henry, linen draper, St. Stephen’s street
Pigot, Isabella, draper, Bridge street
Pike, William, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Pilgrim, John, solicitor, Chanel field
Pilgrim, John, butcher, St. Martin’s at Oak
Pilgrim, Thomas, clothier, St. James’ street
Pilgrim, William, cabinet maker, Pottergate street
Pinching, William, baker and confectioner, Bethel street
Pinching, William, baker, Queen street, Crook’s place
Pinson, Henry, ironmonger, smith, bell-hanger, &c., Bank plain
Piper, John Daniel, ironmonger, Earlham terrace, St. Giles’ road
Piper and Pigg, general ironmongers, London street
Piper, William, draper, hosier, and haberdasher, London street
Pitcher, Robert, butcher, New Catton
Pitcher, Thomas, shopkeeper, Rose lane
Pitt, John Ballard, surgeon, St. Stephen’s street
Pitts, Robert Christopher, chemist and druggist, St. Giles’ street; h
Thorpe
Plane, Richard, brewery, Upper Goat lane
Plane, Richard, excise coffee-house, Lower Goat lane
Platten, John, Cat and Fiddle, Magdalen street
Platten, Peter, livery stables, Surrey Mews
Playford, Arminger, Two Quarts inn, Bridge street
Playford, John Joseph, shopkeeper, Bishopgate street
Playford, William, Rising Sun, Rising Sun lane
Plummer and Bloom, carpenters and builders, Bethel street
Plummer, Edward, tailor, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Plumstead, James, broker, St. Mary’s street
Plumstead, Frederic, hairdresser, and fancy repository, Magdalen street
Plumstead, William, cooper, Church street
Plumstead, Robert, hairdresser and perfumer, Wensum street
Plunkett, John, the Shuttle, St. Augustine’s street
Pond, James, boot and shoe maker, West End street
Pond, Margaret, green grocer, Ber street
Pooley, Richard, baker, Charing cross
Pooley, Robert, Jolly Farmers, Castle hill
Pooley, Samuel, cabinet maker, St. John’s Maddermarket
Pooley, William, cabinet maker, Charing cross
Porter, James William, Bowling Green hotel, Chapel field
Porter, John Spratt, tailor, Upper King street
Porter, Thomas, Key and Castle, St. Martin’s at Oak
Potter, James, crape manufacturer, Grove road, New Lakenham
Potter, Harriet, dressmaker, Prince’s street
Potter, Thomas and Co., hatters and furriers, Gentleman’s walk,
Market-place
Powell, Edward, Bricklayer’s Arms, Union place
Powell, John, hairdresser, St. Benedict’s street
Powell, Robert, mercer and draper, Upper London street
Pratt, George, green grocer, Wellington terrace, Union place
Pratt and Hornor, land agents and surveyors, Queen Street
Pratt John, boot maker, St. Mary’s street
Pratt, John, Cross Keys, Magdalen street
Pratt, John, gardener, Lower close
Pratt, Robert, land surveyor, Queen street; h Newmarket road
Pratt, William, wholesale grocer, cheese factor, and fallow chandler,
Wensum str.
Pratt, William, fishmonger, Fishmarket
Prentice, Lydia, milliner and dressmaker, Gildengate street
Prentice, Samuel, saddle and harness maker, Magdalen street
Prentice, William, chemist and druggist, Ber street
Press, Edward, solicitor, Tombland
Press, Frederick George, shopkeeper, Philadelphia
Press, William, and Breese, Philip, manufacturers, Philadelphia
Preston, Arthur, agent to the Royal Insurance Company, Bank street
Preston, Daniel, boot and shoe maker, New Catton
Price, John, Palace tavern, Tombland
Price, John, boot and shoe maker, Orford hill
Price, Joseph, shopkeeper, St. Mary’s street
Priest, George, watch and clock maker, Briggs’ street
Priest, Henry Raven, wine merchant, Pottergate street
Priest, Pilgrim and Co., wine, spirit, and porter merchant, St. Giles’
street
Priest, Richard, lace and fringe manufacturer, St. Giles’ street
Priest, Thomas, bookseller, printer, bookbinder, and stationer, Rampant
Horse street
Primrose, Mary, bread and biscuit baker, corner of Pitt street
Prior, E. and A., managers of the Norfolk and Eastern Counties Coal
Company; Norwich depot, Foundry Bridge station, office, Redwell street—S.
S. Davis, agent
Provart, William, accountant, St. Augustine’s road
Provart, William, commercial traveller, St. Benedict’s road
Pulham, William, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak and St. Mary’s plain
Pulley, Henry, solicitor, Surrey street; h Carrow hill
Pummell, James, baker, Ten Bell lane
Purdy, Michael pill-box maker, Barrack street
Puxley, James, the Marquis of Granby, Bishopgate street
Pycroft, Nathaniel, butcher, Red Lion street
Pycroft, Thomas, butcher, St. Stephen’s street
Pye, Jabez, Queen’s Arms, Pump street
Pye, Robert, butler, New Catton
Pye, Robert, Bricklayer’s Arms, Pottergate street
Pye, William Martin, grocer, St. Augustine’s street
Pye, William, Oliver Cromwell, St. Miles’ street
Pymar, John, wool merchant, back of the Royal Hotel; h Newmarket road
Quadling, Henry, plumber, King street
Quantrill, James, shopkeeper, Queen street, Crook’s place
Quantrill, Sarah, grocer and tea dealer, Union place
Quantrill Robert, baker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Quin, James, Inland Revenue, St. Catherine’s plain
Quinton, John, bookbinder, Pottergate street
Quinton, John, librarian, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Quinton, William, the Sportsman, Barrack street
Rackham and Turner, solicitors, Lower close
Rackham, Hannah, private lodging house, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Rackham, John, Beehive, St. Benedict’s street
Rackham, Matthew, solicitor, the Closes; h Thorpe hamlet
Rackham, Matthew Robert, solicitor, agent to the Imperial Fire and Life
Insurance Company, Surrey street
Rackham, Thomas Hanworth, and Cooke, Henry, solicitors, Tuck’s court, St.
Giles’ street; hs Catton
Rackham, William, solicitor, Upper St. Giles’ street
Rackham, William Simon, draper, h Unthank’s road
Radford, William, Black Chequers, Cowgate street
Rain, Robert, Rose tavern, Palace street
Rainbird, Francis, the Nelson tavern, Upper market
Ralph, Sarah, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Rand, William Fell, surgeon, Tombland
Randall, Emma, staymaker, St. Catherine’s plain
Randall, James, bootmaker, Ber street
Randall, Thomas, hairdresser, Vauxhall street, Union place
Ranking, William Harcourt, Esq., physician, St. Giles’ street
Ransome, Harriet, English and Foreign repository of fancy goods,
Gentleman’s walk, Market place
Ransome, James, watchmaker, Briggs’ street,
Ransome and Sims, ironmongers, Little Orford street; G. and W. Stevens,
agents
Ratcliff, William, tailor, Distillery street
Raven, Edward, Queen Ann, Church street
Ravy, William, shopkeeper, Fishgate street
Rawling, Henry, general shopkeeper, West Pottergate
Ray, John Anthony, hairdresser, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Ray, Orlando Dennis, Manager of the National Economic Hail Storm Company,
Unthank’s road
Rayner, John, attorney’s clerk, St. Catherine’s plain
Read, James, builder, Prince’s street
Read, John, accountant, Hall road, New Lakenham
Read, Robert, corn merchant, Bishopgate street
Read, Samuel Gurney, coal merchant, Quay side
Read, Thomas William, merchant, King street
Read, William Dring, tea-dealer, grocer, and British wine merchant,
bottom of Orford hill, White Lion street
Redgement, Kirby, butcher, Vauxhall street, Union place
Redgrave, Joseph, corn merchant, the Close
Redgrave, William Rant, druggist, Wensum street
Reeder, William, toll-gate keeper, Carrow bridge
Reeve, Robert farmer, Old Lakenham
Reeve, Sims, Esq., barrister, St. Giles’ str.
Reeve, Richard, wharfinger and general carrier, Unthank’s road
Reid, Samuel, draper, St. Andrew’s hall plain
Rein, Frederick, grocer, King street
Restieaux, Joseph, accountant, Lady’s lane
Reynolds, Edward, merchant, Unthank’s road
Reynolds, Johnson, miller and farmer, Philadelphia
Reynolds, Joshua, miller and farmer, St. Augustine’s road
Reynolds, William, nursery for fruit, &c., Hall lane, New Lakenham
Rice, James, Free Trade tavern, William street
Richardson, John, cabinet-maker, West Pottergate
Richender, Neville, tobacconist, Upper market
Riches, Edward, hairdresser, Pottergate street
Riches, Henry Charles, clothier; h Castle meadow
Riches, John, the Three Kings, St. Benedict’s street
Riches, Robert, hairdresser, St. John’s Timberhill
Riches and Skoyles, clothiers, outfitters, and hatters, Davey place
Riches, Susanna, straw bonnet maker, Upper London street
Riches, Thomas, tailor, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Riches, William Smith, the Foundry bridge, Rose lane
Rily, Francis, White-friars’ tavern, Whitefriars’ street
Ringer, Edward, Light Horseman, Westlegate street
Ringer, William, Berlin repository, Market-place; h Tharston
Rivett and Harmer, wholesale drapers and clothiers, Old Post-office court
Rix, George, temperance coffee house, Golden Ball street
Rix, Henry, wholesale brush manufacturer, Gildengate street
Rix, Robert, King’s Head, Upper St. Giles’
Rix, William, Three Compasses, Upper King street
Rix, William, White Horse, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Roach, Edward, house agent, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Roberts, Henry, medical botanist, Rising Sun road
Roberts, James, shoe manufacturer; h Willow place, New Lakenham
Roberts, James, boot and shoe manufacturer, St. John’s Timberhill
Robertson, Henry, cabinet and chairmaker, Grove road, New Lakenham
Robinson, Christopher, carver and gilder, Pottergate street
Robinson, John, cork manufacturer, wholesale and retail, and Corkcutters’
Arms, Bridge street
Robinson, Robert, brush manufacturer; h Rising Run road
Robson, Jonathan, whitesmith in general, Rising Sun road
Rogers, Henry, brush manufacturer, Wensum street; h Thorpe hamlet
Roe, Charlotte, Queen Victoria, Pottergate street
Roe, John, cabinet maker, Orford hill
Roe, John Chambers, merchant, St. Giles’ road
Roe, Sarah Ann, and Son, wine and spirit merchants, Walnut-tree Shades,
Post-office court
Rogers, Edmund, D., reporter for the Norfolk News, Dereham road terrace
Rogers and Page, wholesale brush and clog manufacturers, Wensum street
Rogers, Samuel, and Casper, George, shoe manufacturers, Calvert street
Root, Robert, Boy and Cup, Pottergate street
Roper, Agnes, dressmaker, Ten Bell lane
Rope, Charles, whitesmith, Surrey street
Rope, William, greengrocer, Rising Sun lane
Rose, George, cork manufacturer, St. Stephen’s street
Rose, James, the Nelson, King street
Rose, John, confectioner, and tea-dealer, Golden Ball street
Rose, Philip, baker, St. Miles’ street
Rose, Sarah, toy warehouse, Castle street
Rose, Thomas, confectioner, St. Benedict’s street
Rossi, George, gold and silversmith, watchmaker, optician, and picture
dealer, Market-place; h Unthank’s road
Roundtree, Charles, fishmonger, Barrack street
Rouse, Harriet, grocer, St. Stephen’s street
Rout, George, grocer, Cowgate street
Row, Frederic, pharmaceutical chemist, St. Stephen’s street
Rowland, Daniel, the Raven, King street
Royall, Daniel, tailor, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Rudd, Elizabeth, the Little Buck, St. Martin’s at Oak
Rudd, Elizabeth, broker, Ber street
Rudd, Francis, bootman, Rudring’s building’s, Cross street, St. Giles’
road
Rudd, Francis, bookbinder and stationer, St. Stephen’s square
Rudd, Francis, tailor, Pottergate street
Rudd, Henry, teacher of music, St. Giles’ street
Rudd, James, shopkeeper, St. Catherine’s plain
Rudd, John, chemist, St. George’s plain
Rudd, Joseph, and Paston, William, curriers, St. Giles’ hill
Rudd, Robert, shopkeeper, St. Mary’s street
Rudd, Thomas, grocer, Golden Ball street
Rudd, Thomas, grocer, King street
Rudling, James, coachbuilder, Palace street
Rudling, William, butcher, Ber street
Rubert, Justice, shopkeeper, Lower Westwick street
Rudrum, Christopher, butcher, King street
Russell, Benjamin, watch and clock maker, Magdalen street
Russell, Henry, pianoforte manufacturer, Magdalen street
Russell, Robert, George, bricklayer and plasterer, St. Catherine’s plain
Rust, James Barrow, tailor and draper, Bethel street
Rust, Robert, Elm tavern, Prince’s street
Rust, Robert, grocer, West Wymer street
Ryan, Mary, Crown and Anchor, Gildengate street
Sacret, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Sacker, James, Church and State, St. Benedict’s street
Sadd, David, shopkeeper, St. Catherine’s plain
Saddler, James, junr., shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Sadler, John, the Roe Buck, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Salmon, C. J., Lord Nelson tavern, West Pottergate
Salmon, William, shoeing smith, King street gates
Salter, William, Mitre tavern, Briggs’ street, Rampant Horse street
Sammons, Joseph, shopkeeper, Old Lakenham
Sampson, Sarah, baker, St. Benedict’s street
Sampson, William, boot and shoe maker, Cow hill
Samuels and Joseph, boot and shoe manufacturers, St. John’s Timberhill
Samuels and Joseph, pawnbrokers, silversmiths, jewellers, and
watchmakers, St. John’s Timberhill
Sanderson, Alexander, tobacconist and tea-dealer, and tea and coffee
rooms, Fye-bridge street
Sanderson, Edwin, chemist and druggist, Upper St. Giles’ hill
Sands, Anthony, portrait painter, St. Giles’ hill
Sands, John, Freemasons’ Arms, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Saul, Joseph, pill-box manufacturer, West Pottergate street
Saul and Frazer, City saw mills, St. Martin’s at Palace
Saul, Thomas, tailor and draper, Orford hill
Saul, William Staff, timber merchant, Pottergate street
Sapey, Thomas, London coffee house, Rampant Horse street
Savory, Coulsey, confectioner, Upper London street
Savage, Robert, butcher, Bridge street
Savage, Stephen, butcher, Cowgate street
Sawyer and Company, surgical and philosophical instrument makers and
cutlers, &c., Upper London street
Sawyer, John, gardener, Earlham road
Sawyer, John, Robert, cutler, London street; h Grove road, New Lakenham
Sayer, Daniel, veterinary surgeon, Pottergate street
Sayer, James, shopkeeper, Philadelphia
Sayer, Richard David, travelling draper, Unthank’s road
Sayer, John, bird and animal preserver, Upper St. Giles’
Say, Sarah, plumber and glazier, St. Giles’ street
Scales, Samuel, timber merchant, Grove place, New Lakenham
Scarles, Francis, linen draper, Ber street
Scarlet, Robert, Surrey tavern, Surrey road
Scarnell, William, butcher, Distillery street
Scofield, Susan, dressmaker, St. Giles’ street
Scott, Charles, sofa and chair manufacturer, Gildengate street
Scott, Eliza, milliner and dressmaker, Crescent place
Scott, Emily, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Charing cross
Scott, Frances, tollgate keeper, Thorpe gate, Thorpe hamlet
Scott, Francis, tailor, Calvert street
Scott, James, cutler, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Scott, John, B.A., teacher of languages, Bank street
Scott, John, bootmaker, Magdalen street
Scott, William John, furniture broker, Bridge street
Scott, Peter Thomas, brush, patten, and clog manufacturer, White Lion
street
Scott, Robert B., cabinet maker and upholsterer, carver and gilder,
carpet and paper-hanging warehouse, and mahogany merchant, Charing cross
and St. John’s Maddermarket
Scott, Thomas, baker, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Scott, William, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Scotter, Mary, confectioner, Red Lion street
Scrutton, Henry, grocer, Bethel street
Seago and Son, glove manufacturers, St. John’s Maddermarket
Seaman, Cornelius, broker’s shop, St. James’ street
Seaman, Grimmer, and Co., wine and spirit merchants, St. Andrew’s Broad
street
Seaman, Henry, shopkeeper, 21 Row, New Lakenham
Seaman, Robert, shopkeeper, St. Saviour’s lane
Searby, W. and W. M., late Grimmer, druggists, White Lion street
Seeley’s boarding-house, St. Stephen’s plain
Seeley, Job, shopkeeper, Pottergate street
Seeley, John, Sussex Arms, St. Augustine’s street
Seeley, William, pork butcher, Pottergate street
Self, John, Pig and Whistle, St. Stephen’s Back street
Self and Howes, plumbers, glaziers, painters, and gas-fitters, Tombland
Self, James William, superintendent at the New Cemetery (unconsecrated
ground), St. Benedict’s road
Self, Thomas, shopkeeper, St. Mary’s plain
Self, Thomas, gas-fitter, Pottergate street
Sendall, William, bricklayer, Paragon street
Severn, Elizabeth, and Blackwell, Mary Ann, cloak and mantle makers,
Botolph street
Severn, Samuel, St. Paul’s tavern, Cowgate street
Sewell, Mark, shoe manufacturer’s agent, Rising Sun road
Sexton, Edward, licensed brewer, Whalebone, New Catton
Sexton, Horace Watling, bricklayer and plasterer, St. Swithin’s
Sexton, John, shopkeeper, Scoles’ green
Sexton, Mary Ann, grocer, King street
Sexton, Robert Watling, builder, Calvert street
Shalders, Edward, shopkeeper, St. Benedict’s street
Shalders, Noah, pawnbroker and clothier, Westlegate street
Shalders, Thomas, farrier and shoeing smith, Hay hill
Shalders, William, jun., hydraulic engineer, patent fountain pump engine,
hydraulic, and leather works, Bank plain
Sharp, Daniel, solicitor, Surrey street; h Lakenham terrace
Sharon, Anthony, smith, Pottergate street
Sharpe, Benjamin Thomas, solicitor, Chapel field road
Sharp, Frederic, clerk, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Sheedy, Rachel, the Rosary tavern, Thorpe hamlet
Sheldrake, Anne, library, Westlegate street
Shenfield, Ann Jane, lodging-house keeper, Upper St. Giles’
Sheppard, Isaac, cooper, Magdalen street
Sheppard, Elizabeth, bread and biscuit baker, Upper market
Sheppard, Robert, commission agent, St. Benedict’s plain
Sheward, William, pawnbroker, King street
Shields, Daniel, hoop maker, Scoles’ green
Shields, Daniel, grocer, Golden Ball street
Shildrake, William, watch and clock maker, jeweller, &c., Upper London
street
Shildrake, Thomas, clerk, Bracondale
Shipley, William, land and house agent, Chapel field road
Short, Edmund Barker, superintendent of Grout’s factory, St. Giles’ hill
Short, Henry, wine and dry cooper, St. George’s Middle street
Short, John, cashier at silk-works, Dereham road terrace
Short, Mary, milliner and dressmaker, St. George’s Middle street
Shorten, James, Bull inn, Magdalen street
Shreeve, John, shoeing smith, Magdalen street
Sidney and Armes, curriers and leather cutters, Dove street
Sidney and Ladyman, wholesale tea dealers, Market place
Silver, William, confectioner, White Lion street
Simpson, George, governor of the Great Hospital, St. Helen’s
Simpson, John, whip maker, Ber street
Simpson, John, schoolmaster, Trory place, New Lakenham
Simpson, Amelia, general dealer, Ber street
Simpson, George Elward, solicitor, Tombland
Simpson, Robert, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Sinkler, John, builder, Magdalen street
Skedge, John, baker, West Pottergate street
Skelt, William Perry, meat shop, St. Benedict’s street
Skelton, John, manufacturer of fancy hosiery, St. Martin’s Palace plain
street
Skelton, John Smith, tailor, &c., St. Giles’ street
Skipper, Henry, confectioner, Magdalen street
Skippon, James, solicitor, and agent for the Lancashire Insurance
Company, Castle meadow
Skipper, John, solicitor and proctor, commissioner for taking
acknowledgments of married women, secretary and registrar to the Norwich
Equitable Fire Assurance Society; offices, Bank street, h. Thorpe hamlet
Skipper, William, the Locomotive, Norfolk street, Union place
Skoyles, Elam, clothier, Davey place; h. Castle meadow
Skoyles, James, boot and shoe maker, Grapes hill
Skoyles, William, broker, St. Benedict’s street
Skyles, Samuel, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Slack, Thomas, engineer, St. Giles’ hill
Slade, Daniel Davis, Homœopathic chemist, and agent to the Homœopathic
and General Life Assurance Society, London street
Slater, John, bookseller, Castle hill
Slater, Joseph, tailor, &c., Tombland
Slipper, Elizabeth, green grocer, Grove place, New Lakenham
Sloper, John, fruiterer, Queen street
Smith, David, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Smith, Edward, chemist and druggist, Calvert street
Smith, Edward, Waterloo tavern, Upper walk, Market place
Smith, Edward, Coach and Horses, Fountain place, Union place
Smith, George, boot and shoe maker, Southwell cottage.  New Lakenham
Smith, George, Coachmaker, St. Stephen’s square
Smith, George, Imperial Arms, Upper King street
Smith, George, linen draper, Ber street
Smith, James, accountant, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Smith, James, the Surrey, Grove place, New Lakenham
Smith, James, overseer, Newmarket road
Smith, James John, tanner, Heigham street
Smith, John, tailor and draper, Orford street
Smith, John Jasper, confectioner, Ber street
Smith, John, toyshop, St. John’s Timberhill
Smith, John, soda water manufacturer, Colegate street
Smith, John Watson, the Rose tavern, Rose lane
Smith, Lydia, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s
Smith, Robert, shopkeeper, and baker, King street, Crook’s place
Smith, Robert, bricklayer, St. Stephen’s road
Smith, Samuel, tobacconist, Gentleman’s walk, Market place; h Union place
Smith, Susannah, astrologist and artist, Southwell cottage, New Lakenham
Smith and Sons, druggists, wholesale and retail, Magdalen street, and
Market-place
Smith, Thomas, umbrella maker, St. Benedict’s street
Smith, William, wholesale and retail haberdasher and general warehouse,
Lower Goat lane
Smith, William, glass and china dealer, Rampant Horse back street
Smith, William, veterinary surgeon, Pottergate street
Smith, William, tin-plate worker, St. Benedict’s street
Smith, J. W., confectioner, Dove street
Smith, William Richard, wholesale and retail fancy sweet maker, Palace
street
Smith, William Richard, baker, St. Benedict’s street
Smithdale, Thomas, iron and brass founder, St. Ann’s Staithe lane
Snelling, Daniel, Wrench, Golden Lion Inn, St. John’s Maddermarket
Snelling, John, Yarmouth Arms, Upper market
Snelling, Thomas, grocer, Magdalen street
Snelling, Thomas, the Swan, King street
Snelling, William, boot and shoe maker, gutta percha warehouse, Orford
hill
Snowdon, Henry, draper, Chapel field road
Snowdon, John, draper and silk mercer, Gentleman’s walk
Snowdon and Sons, drapers, Bridge street
Snowling, John, Duke’s Palace inn, Duke’s Palace road
Soman, Daniel, boot and shoe manufacturer, Lower Goat lane
Soman, David, boot and shoe manufacturer, Gildengate street
Sowels, William, accountant, Distillery street
Sowels, William, accountant, Chapel field road
Sowter, Peter, green grocer, St. Paul’s street
Spalding, James, French polisher, Saint Andrew’s hill
Sparke and Co., engineers, iron and brass founders, Thorn lane
Sparke, James Bird, solicitor, Post Office street, Norwich; h Earlham
road
Sparks, Francis William, wine and spirit merchant, auctioneer and valuer,
St. Giles’ street
Spatchett, James, chemist and druggist, St. John’s Maddermarket
Spelman, George, auctioneer’s clerk, West Pottergate
Spelman, Henry, auctioneer, St. Giles’; h Unthank’s road
Spelman, William and Sons, auctioneers and valuers, St. Giles’ street
Spence, George, circulating library, Bridge street
Spencer, Christopher, surgeon, King street
Spencer, Robert, Elm tavern, New Catton
Spinks, Charles, bricklayer, King street
Spinks, James, grocer and draper, St. Augustine’s street
Spinks, John, clerk to District Visiting Society, Pottergate street
Spooner, Edward, Robin Hood, Barrack street
Spooner, Edward Frederic, grocer, Saint Margaret’s plain
Spratt, Sarah, academy, Bethel street
Spratt, Stephen, Old Star, Quay side
Spratt, William, hay and corn dealer, Gun lane
Springall, Benjamin, miller, New Catton
Springall, Isaac, watch and clock maker, Wensum street
Springall, James, wholesale and retail grocer, Tombland
Springfield, Son, and Nephew, manufacturers and silk merchants, St.
Martin’s lane
Spurgeon, Thomas, tailor, St. Stephen’s road
Spurling, William, Trowel and Hammer, St. Stephen’s road
Stacey, Edward, estate agent, Orford hill
Stacey, Anthony, cooper, Thorpe hamlet
Stacey, Emily, ladies boarding school, Theatre street
Stacey, William, thatcher, Trowse Millgate
Staff, Charles, green grocer, Ber street
Staff, Frederic, Nelson tavern, Pottergate street
Stafford, Phœbe, Coachmakers’ Arms, Red Lion street
Stafford, Robert, the Mariner’s tavern, Mariner’s lane
Stafford, Thomas, shopkeeper, Chapel street Crook’s place
Stafford, William, baker, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Starling, Thomas, L., accountant, Paragon street
Stammers, Robert, whitesmith, Castle hill
Stangroom, John, Duke of Sussex, Saint Augustine’s street
Stangroom, Robert, shopkeeper, Fishgate street
Stanhaw, George, Coach and carriage builder, St. Giles’ road
Stanley, George, scale beam maker, Elm hill
Stanley, Joseph, statuary and mason, Saint Stephen’s street
Stannard, Arthur, artist, Upper King street
Stannard, Cubitt, silk and wool manufacturer, St. George’s plain
Stannard, Mrs. Joseph, artist, Rose lane
Stannard, Robert, John, confectioner, Little London street
Stapleton, Robert, bootmaker, St. John’s Maddermarket, and Pottergate
street
Stark and Co., manufacturing and agricultural chemists, Duke’s Palace
bridge
Stark and Co., dyers, dressers, &c., Duke’s Palace bridge
Starling, Miss, E., St. Augustine’s District school, St. Augussine’s road
Starland, George, plumber, glazier, and house-painter, Surrey street
Stedman, William, butcher, Lady’s lane
Steeky, Richard, tax-gatherer, Bracondale
Steel, James, leather currier, Magdalen street
Steel and Rix, Importers and dealers in fancy articles, Queen street
Stevens, Adelaide, grocer and tea-dealer, Unthank’s road
Stevens, Charles Frederic, coppersmith, brazier and tinplate worker,
Magdalen street
Stevens, Gardiner, and William, wholesale and retail ironmongers, sole
agents for Ransomes and Sims’ and Messrs. Howard’ agricultural
implements, and Coleman’s cultivators, Orford hill
Stevens, John Thomas, law stationer, Castle hill
Stevens, Thomas William, tailor and draper, Unthank’s road
Stevens, William Horace, printer, Pottergate street
Stevenson, Thomas, E. C. Railway station superintendent, St. Faith’s lane
Steward, James, merchant tailor, hosier, draper, hatter, and general
out-fitter, Tombland
Steward, Mary, green grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Steward, Patteson, Finch, and Co., brewers, and spirit merchants, Barrack
street
Steward, Robert, and Co., timber merchants, King street gates
Steward, Samuel, bookbinder and ruler, Prince’s street
Steward, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, St. Stephen’s street
Stewardson, Nathaniel Thomas, pork shop, St. James’ street
Stigles, Daniel, hairdresser, Fishgate street
Stimpson, John, butcher, Fye bridge
Stockings, Mark, butcher, St. Stephen’s street
Stocks, Alfred Joseph, draper, Brigg’s street; h Grove road, New Lakenham
Stonex, James, tea dealer, Tinkler’s lane
Storey, Samuel, plumber and glazier, West Pottergate
Storey, William, plumber and glazier, West Pottergate
Storey, William, brewer, Bull close
Storey, James, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Stowers, James, silversmith and tobacconist, Red Lion street
Strachan, James, wine and spirit merchant, Guildhall tavern, Market place
Stringer, Charles, surveyor of taxes, St. Giles’ street; h Newmarket road
Stringer, Henry, clerk to the Bank of England, Grove road, St. Stephen’s
road
Stroyan, Robert, cattle salesman, Bracondale
Stubbs, George, White Horse, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Studwin, Paul, clerk, St. Benedict’s road
St. Quinton, Edward Henry, surgeon, R.N., Thorpe hamlet
Suggett and Dunsford, dentists, St. Giles’ street
Sullivan, Stephen, baker, St. Margaret’s plain
Sultzer, John, St. Augustine’s street
Surflin, William, plumber and glazier, Bank tavern, Bank street
Sursham, Henry David, bootmaker, Saint Benedict’s street
Sursham, John, merchant, Fishgate street, St. Clement’s
Sursham, John, Phœnix brewery, Magdalen street
Sutcliffe, John, joiner, &c., Holl’s lane
Suttell, Henry, green grocer, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Suttell, John Watson, general shopkeeper, Mill street, New Lakenham
Sutton, Daniel Morrison, tailor and draper, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Sutton, Henry, draper, St. Augustine’s street
Sutton, James, woollen draper, Unthank’s rd.
Sutton, Robert, broker, Magdalen street
Sutton, Samuel, working cutler, &c., Royal hotel street
Swann, Ann, milliner and dressmaker, Rising Sun road
Swann, James, boot and shoe maker, Magdalen street
Swash, Maria, Turkey Cock, Church street, Saint Simon’s
Sweatman, Henry, publican and tobacconist, Back of the inns
Swinden, John, fancy repository, Magdalen street
Sword, John, livery stables, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Tadman, William, superintendent of the Gas Works, Bishopgate street
Talbot, George, tailor and draper, Bridge street
Tann, John, baker, Charing cross
Tann, Mary Ann, private lodging house, Hall road, New Lakenham
Tann, Samuel Wiseman, upholsterer and paper hanger, Pottergate street
Tattam, Richard, green grocer, Lady’s lane
Tayler, Francis George, agent to the Athenæum Fire and Life Insurance
Company, Castle meadow; h Muspole street, St. George’s
Taylor, A. and C., solicitors, Orford hill
Taylor, Adam, jun., solicitor, Orford hill; h Lady’s lane
Taylor, Charles Peacock, St. Stephen’s plain
Taylor, Clement, solicitor, Orford hill; h Mile lane, Newmarket road
Taylor, Cornelius, superintendent at the New Cemetery, (consecrated
ground) Earlham road
Taylor, Elizabeth, dressmaker, Prince’s street
Taylor, Elizabeth, elastic stay and bandage maker, Upper St. Giles’
Taylor, George, surgical mechanician, Upper St. Giles’
Taylor, George, green grocer, Rose lane
Taylor, James, carpenter and builder, Whitefriars’ street
Taylor, John Oddin, solicitor, St. Giles’ str.
Taylor, Mary, Castle commercial hotel, Castle meadow
Taylor, William, tailor, Prince’s street
Taylor, William, Medical Dispensary for Skin Diseases, Magdalen street
Taylor, William, jun., Bird-in-Hand, Mill lane, New Catton
Taylor, W. B., tobacconist and tea dealer, St. Stephen’s street
Taylor, William Henry, surgeon, Prince’s street
Taylor, John Oddin, and Ling, Henry, solicitors, St. Giles’ street
Temple, Robert, grocer, Ber street
Terrington, William, boot maker, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Thayne, Edward, basket maker, St. Benedict’s street
Theobald, John, glover, London street; h Newmarket road
Theobald and Son, hosiers, glovers, &c., London street
Thetford, Thomas Daniels, boot and shoe maker, St. Paul’s street
Thirkettle, Mary Ann, milliner, St. John’s Timberhill
Thirkettle, Mrs. Harriet, furrier and feather dresser, St. Benedict’s
road
Thirkettle, John, cabinet maker, St. Catherine’s plain
Thurston, Carnaby, baker, New Catton
Thirtle, Maria, private lodging house, Pottergate street
Thirtle, Thomas, coachman, Golden Ball street
Thirtle, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Bridewell alley
Thompson, Alfred William, commercial traveller, Rising Sun road
Thompson, Benjamin, shopkeeper, St. Miles’ Thorn lane
Thompson, Henry, chemist and druggist, St. Stephen’s street
Thompson, Henry, photographic artist, St. Stephen’s gates
Thompson, John, boot and shoe maker, White Lion street
Thompson, John, the Anchor, Silver road
Thompson, Joseph, grocer, White Lion str.
Thompson, Mrs., milliner and dressmaker, Grapes hill
Thompson, Martin, the Griffin, Barrack str.
Thompson, Robert, surgeon, Theatre street
Thompson, Robert, ironmonger, iron merchant, &c., Calvert street
Thompson, R. and Son, iron merchants, oil and colourmen, Upper Davey
place
Thompson, Thomas, currier and leather seller, Orford hill
Thompson, William, the Steam Packet, King street
Thorndick, Henry and Co., printers, Prince’s street
Thorn, Robert, Goose and Gridiron, Little Orford street
Thorns, Robert, ironmonger, Exchange str.
Thornsby, Robert, grocer and draper, St. Stephen’s gates
Thornton, Christopher, Fellmongers’ Arms, St. Martin’s at Oak
Thorpe, Thomas E., Sun and Anchor, Colegate street
Thorpe, William, hairdresser, St. Stephen’s street
Thorpe, William, shopkeeper, St. Martin’s at Oak
Thouless, James, shopkeeper, Pump street
Thouless, William, Bartholomew tavern, St. Miles’ Thorn lane
Thrower, John, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Thrower, Noah, the Woolpack, Golden Ball street
Thurgar, Walter Christopher, surgeon, St. Catherine’s plain
Thurling, James, Swan with Two Necks, St. Stephen’s street
Thurlow, William, Post-office tavern, and hackney master, Post-office
street
Thurst, James, Venetian wire, zinc, and rolling blind manufacturer,
Castle meadow
Thurston, Barnard, butcher, Colegate street
Thurston, Daniel, Bull inn, St. Stephen’s street
Thurtle, James, shopkeeper, St. Swithin’s
Thwaites, Isaac M., writer, sign painter, decorator, gilder, and glass
embosser, Sardinian court, St. Stephen’s street
Thwaites, John, the Rainbow, King street
Tibbs, Frederic, green grocer, Globe street, Union place
Tidd, Robert, grocer, St. Martin’s at Oak
Tidd, Robert, shopkeeper, Gildengate street
Tidman, George, King’s Arms, Bethel street
Tidman, Robert, the Bridge-house inn, Thorpe hamlet
Tillett, Benjamin, cabinet maker, New Catton
Tillett, Jacob Henry, solicitor, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Tillett, Leonard, bricklayer, Lower Westwick street
Tills, Benjamin, grocer and tea dealer, Magdalen street
Tillyard and Howlett, curriers and leather merchants, Pottergate street
Tillyard, Isaac, shoe manufacturer, Valentine street
Tillyard, Rebecca, draper, Magdalen street
Tillyard and Son, boot and shoe manufacturers, Elm hill
Tinkler, George, clerk to Commissioners of Inland Revenue, Magdalen
street
Tinkley, Esther, boot and shoe maker, Rampant horse street
Tipple, John, commercial traveller, William street
Todd, John and Sons, tailors and trousers makers, Queen street
Todd, William, accountant, King street
Toll, Elizabeth, boarding and lodging house, St. Giles’ street
Tomlinson, Ann, straw bonnet maker, Bishopgate street
Tomlinson, Robert Stewart, hatter, hosier, and glover, Castle street
Tate, James, confectioner, St. Miles’ street
Tooke, George Stannard, fruiterer, Prince’s street
Tooke, Michael, grocer, Ber street
Towell, William, seedsman, Upper King street
Towler, Abel, shawl manufacturer, Unthank’s road
Towler, Edward, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Towler, Hannah, draper, Fye bridge
Towler, John Burrows, pawnbroker, Bethel street
Towler, Rowling and Allen, manufacturers, Elm hill, and Friday street,
London
Towley, Jonathan, treasurer of County Courts, Surrey place, New Lakenham
Towlson, John, Millwrights’ Arms, Julian street
Townshend, Samuel, carver and gilder, Bethel street
Townshend, George, Crown, Elm hill
Townshend, Samuel J., jun., carver, gilder, and looking-glass
manufacturer, Charing cross
Townshend, William, bricklayer, plasterer, and tobacconist, Golden Ball
street
Trevor, Henry, cabinet maker and upholsterer, carver and gilder, and
paper hanger, Post-office street; h St. Giles’ road
Trollop, George, gardener, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Trory, John, professor of music, Elm hill
Trowse, Christopher, tailor, Ten Bell lane
Trowse, John, parish clerk, Bethel street
Truman, James, boot and shoe maker, Grapes hill
Tubb, William, Henry, haberdasher, &c., London street
Tuck, Charles Edward, solicitor, St. Giles’ street
Tuck, James Stannard, tailor, draper, and hatter, Lower Goat lane
Tuck, Robert, confectioner, Wensum street
Tuck, Robert, confectioner, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Tuck, Robert Alexander, confectioner, Lower Goat lane
Tuddenham, Edward, Swan tavern, Swan lane
Tuddenham, John, the Swan, Cowgate street
Tuffs, William, Light Horseman, Botolph street
Turner, W. H. N., solicitor, the Close; h Newmarket road
Turner, James Mangles, iron founder, Palace plain
Turner, Joseph, the Anchor, Surrey street
Turner, Robert, barber, Trowse Millgate
Turner, Samuel, tailor, St. Miles’ street
Turner, William, boot and shoe maker, St. Swithin’s
Turner, William, green grocer, St. James’ street
Turner, William, boot and shoe maker, Palace street
Turrell, James, grocer and tea dealer, Ber street
Tuttell, Ann, shopkeeper and baker, Trafalgar street New Lakenham
Tuxford, William, trunk, portmanteau and carpet bag manufacturer, Back of
the Inns
Twaites, John Henry, shoemaker, Holl’s lane
Tyce, George, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Charing cross
Ulph, Henry, proprietor of the Billiard Rooms, Post-office court
Ulph, James, Three Tubs, Barrack street
Ulph, William, dyer, St. Margaret’s
Underwood, Henry, plasterer, St. Margaret’s plain
Underwood, Henry, builder, King street
Upcroft, William, printer and bookbinder, Thoroughfare yard, Magdalen
street
Upcroft, James, Jack of Newbery, Magdalen street
Utting, John, shoemaker, Gildengate street
Utting, Robert, miller, Chapel field road
Venteman, Deans George, revenue officer, Calvert street
Vlieland, Jerome, professor of the French language, Redwell street
Vincent, Eliza, milliner and dressmaker, West-end terrace, Grapes hill
Vincent, Henry, broker, St. Benedict’s street
Vincent, James, hat manufacturer, Red Lion street
Vincent, Mary Ann, fancy warehouse, St. Catherine’s plain
Vyall, Daniel, coal merchant, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Wade, Francis, wholesale and retail woollen cloth warehouse, London
street
Wade, James, broker, Fishgate street
Wade, John, draper, &c., Chapel field
Wade, Thomas, the Pelican, Pitt street
Waite, George, brazier and gasfitter, Redwell street
Wall, James, the Rose, Cowgate street
Wallace, James, the Two Brewers’ inn, St. John’s Maddermarket
Walker, Frederic, grocer, St. Martin’s at Oak
Walker, George, Cardinal’s Cap, St. Benedict’s street
Walker, James, carpenter, Paragon street
Walker, Mr., accountant, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Walker, Richard, fancy repository, and dealer in tobacco, Bridge street
Walker, Robert, printer, Church street, St. Miles’
Walker, Robert Samuel, Bull’s Head inn, Ber street
Waller, John Gamble, sewing cotton winder and general winder, Peacock
street
Waller, Martha, shopkeeper, St. Paul’s
Waller, Robert, dentist, Rose lane
Waller, Thomas, baker, Cowgate street
Walters, Martha and Eliza, ladies’ boarding school, Theatre street
Walters, William, shopkeeper, St. Catherine’s plain
Walton, William, cook, St. Benedict’s road
Ward, Charles, hairdresser, Bethel street
Ward, Elizabeth, green grocer, St. Benedict’s street
Ward, William, the Bird in Hand, Barrack street
Warne, George Thomas, marker, Pottergate street
Warner and Co., wholesale copper and zinc merchants, St. Giles’ street
Warner, Edward, Hope brewery, St. Saviour’s lane
Warner, Walter Waite, grocer and tea-dealer, St. Benedict’s street
Warnes, Elizabeth, Eastern Counties’ Railway tavern, Foundry bridge
Warnes, Henry, clerk, St. Stephen’s square
Warnett, George, bricklayer, King street
Warterton, Edward, the Cottage, Silver road
Watcham, Thomas, green grocer, Heigham street
Watering, Jeremiah, boot and shoe maker, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Watering, John, shopkeeper, Mill lane, New Catton
Watering John, linen and woollen draper, St. Stephen’s street; h Douro
terrace
Watling, Sarah, dress-maker, Bethel street
Watson and Son, statuaries and masons, Castle hill and St. Faith’s lane
Watson, Daniel, carver gilder, &c., All Saint’s green
Watson, Edward Charles, carpenter and joiner, Chapel street, Crook’s
place
Watson, Gilbert Pickering, chemist and druggist, King street
Watson, James, grocer, &c., Prospect house, St. Augustine’s road
Watson, James, carpenter and builder, Philadelphia
Watts, Henry, letter-press and copper-plate printer, and general news
agent, Pottergate street
Watts, James, engineer, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Watts, Riches, and Buck, engineers, founders, millwrights, agricultural
machine and implement makers, Rose lane
Watts, Thomas, butcher, Willow lane
Watts, Thomas, clerk, St. Stephen’s square
Watts, William, engineer, Rose lane
Waytes, Philip, Marquis of Granby, Barrack street
Weavers, Robert, ginger-beer manufacturer, Heigham street
Weavers, William, fishmonger, Fish-market
Webb, William, rope maker, Magdalen street
Webb, William, broker, St. Martin’s at Oak
Webber, Mr. William, surgeon, the Free Hospital, Willow lane
Websdale Frances, Lamb inn, Haymarket
Websdale, James, grocer and tea dealer, King street
Webster, George, shopkeeper, Botolph street
Webster, Henry, eating house, Golden Ball street
Webster, John, hairdresser, Ber street
Webster, Robert, clothier, St. Lawrence steps
Webster, Robert, jun., boot and shoe maker, St. Lawrence steps
Webster, William, Maid’s Head hotel, Wensum street
Webster, William, brewer, Ber street
Weeds, Sarah, shopkeeper, Thorpe hamlet
Weeks, William, plumber, St. Augustine’s street
Wells, Peter Michael, tailor and draper, Prince’s street
Wells, Thomas, veterinary surgeon, Castle meadow
Wells, William, Buff Coat, Buff Coat lane
Welton, Edmund, wheelwright, Brazen Doors road
West, Charles John, registrar for the Bishop’s commissary for the
Archdeaconry of Norfolk, Hay hill
Weston, Charles, brewer and maltster, Bridge street, St. George’s
Whaites, Charles, solicitor, Tombland
Whall, Ann, gun seller, Little London street
Whall, Robert, shopkeeper, King street, Crook’s place
Wharton, George, physician, Upper close
Wheeler, Francis, druggist, Swan lane
Whittaker, William, green grocer, King street
Whincup, Garwood, clerk, Newmarket road
White, Jeremiah, carpenter and builder, St. Michael’s at Thorn lane
White, Misses, Berlin wool and millinery warehouse, London street
White, Richard, surgeon dentist, St. Giles’ street; h Unthank’s road
White, Richard, green grocer, Palace street
White, William, broker, St. Gregory’s church alley
Whitehead, George, register office for servants, Grapes hill
Whithers, Martha, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Union place
Whitmore, George, clerk, Grove road, New Lakenham
Whitrick, James, grocer, West Pottergate
Widdows, Mark, Arabian Horse, St. Martin’s at Oak
Wigg, Edward, the Stag, St. Benedict’s street
Wigger, John, the Dog, St. Paul’s Church plain
Wigger, John H. A., picture dealer, Bethel street
Wiggett, Harriet, private lodging house, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
gates
Wiggins, John, wine and spirit merchant, Saracen’s Head inn, St. Giles’
street
Welch, Thomas, baker, King street
Wicks, Robert, grocer, Ber street
Wild, Edward, grocer and tea dealer, Haymarket, and High street,
Wandsworth, London
Wild, John, collector, Inland Revenue office, Orford hill
Wilde, Matthew, Eastern Union Railway tavern, St. Stephen’s gates
Wilde, Frederic, plumber, painter, and glazier, St. Stephen’s street
Wilde, William, auctioneer, and coroner to the city of Norwich, clerk to
the city magistrates for licensing and billeting, St. Stephen’s street; h
Bramerton
Wilde, William, jun., auctioneer, valuer, and High Bailiff of the County
court, Post Office street
Wilding, Henry, hairdresser, Upper London street
Wiley, Samuel Hall, shopkeeper, Cowgate street
Wilkin, Charles, carver and gilder, Tombland
Wilkins, Robert Frederic, teacher of music, Bethel street
Wilkinson, Henry Joseph, saddler and harness maker, and saddlers’
ironmonger, St. Giles’ street
Willett, Edward, Nephew and Co., manufacturers, Pottergate street, and
63, Friday street, London
Willett, Edward, manufacturer; h Newmarket road
Willgress, Peter John, Masonic tavern, Elm hill
Williams, Case, and Potter, manufacturers, Gildengate street
Williams, Henry, Norwich a Port tavern, King street gates
Williams, Isaac, manufacturer, Calvert street
Williams, Josiah, grocer and tea dealer, Swan lane
Williams, Josiah, grocer and tea dealer, Globe street, Union place
Williams, Mary, general shopkeeper, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Williams, Mary Ann, Moon and Stars, Duke’s palace road
Williamson, John, commercial traveller, Distillery street
Williment, James, shopkeeper, St. Augustine’s street
Willement, Richard, manufacturer, Calvert street
Willimott, Henry, baker, Mill lane, New Catton
Willis, George Edward, draper, Heigham street
Willison, Hannah, Vauxhall tavern, Julian place
Wills, Anthony, parish clerk, West End street
Wills, William, tanner, Heigham street
Willsea, Joshua, news agent and tobacconist, Orford hill
Willsea, John, Waggon and Horses, St. Miles’ street
Wilson, Misses C. and E., boarding and day school for young gentlemen,
Grove house, Newmarket road
Wilson, George, confectioner, Queen street
Wilson, George, bookseller, Castle meadow
Wilson, James, Railway inn, Trowse Millgate
Wilson, James, supervisor, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Wilson, Maria, grocer, Coslany street
Wilson, Robert, White Swan, St. Benedict’s street
Wilson, Stephen, merchant’s clerk, Grove road, New Lakenham
Wilson, Sarah, shopkeeper, Barrack street
Wilson, Thomas, cork cutter, Golden Ball street
Wilson, William Stitt, manager of East of England Bank, Hay hill; h
Newmarket road
Wilson, William, firework artist, Church walk, New Lakenham
Wilson, William, commercial traveller, Ipswich road
Winter, Charles, boot and shoe manufacturer and leather merchant, Upper
market; h Grove house, Heigham
Winter, George, confectioner, St. John’s Timberhill
Winter, James and Son, solicitors, St. Giles’ street
Winter, John, accountant, Valentine street
Winter, Samuel, baker, King street
Winter, Samuel, baker, Magdalen street
Winter, Thomas, the New Inn, St. Augustine’s road
Winter, William, painter and grainer, St. John’s Timberhill
Winter, William, brush manufacturer, Back of the Inns
Wiseman, Alfred, commercial traveller, St. Giles’ road
Wiseman, Isaac, wine and brandy merchant, Post-office street
Wiseman, Robert, builder, Muspole street, St. Mary’s
Wizker, Nichols, Royal Standard, Union place
Wolton and Company, family grocers and hop merchants, London street
Womack, George, merchant tailor, draper, hatter, and outfitter, White
Lion street, Back of the Inns, and Davey place; h Orford hill
Wood, George, Morgan’s Cellar House, King street
Wood, William, clerk, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Woodcock, Samuel, meat shop, Palace street
Woodgate, Philip, manufacturer, Back of the Inns; h St. Giles’ road
Woodhouse, Joshua, earthenware dealer, Magdalen street
Woodrow, Anthony, clerk, Bracondale
Woodrow, Joseph, wine and spirit merchant, Unthank’s road
Woodrow, Thomas, pawnbroker, St. Miles’ street
Woods, George, fancy chair manufacturer, King street, Crook’s place
Woods, George John, currier and leather seller, St. Gregory’s church
alley
Woods, John, tailor, &c., Tinkler’s lane
Woods, John, tailor, West Pottergate
Woods, John Robert, cabinet maker, St. Stephen’s street
Woods, Robert John, Golden Wheatsheaf, St. Stephen’s street
Woods, William, shopkeeper, Union place
Wood, William, Temperance hotel, Elm hill
Woodyard, James, curriers’ ironmonger, St. Martin’s at Oak
Woolbright, Robert, jun., gardener, Lower close
Woolbright, William, Henry, solicitor, Upper King street
Wooliston, Samuel, timber merchant, Hall road, New Lakenham
Woollistone, Samuel, baker, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Woolmer, Clement Amos, boot and shoe maker, and parish clerk, Bridge
street
Woolnough, Theophilus C., bookseller and printer, Prince’s street
Wordingham, Robert, plumber, St. Catherine’s plain
Wordingham, William, builder, St. Catherine’s plain
Worff, W., chimney sweeper, Charing cross
Worman, James, carpenter and builder, Castle meadow
Wortley, Robert, solicitor, Upper King str.
Wortley, Thomas, warehouseman, William street
Wortley, Martha, milliner and dressmaker, Briggs’ street
Wrettham, William, carpenter, Paragon str.
Wright, Daniel, tin plate worker, Pitt street
Wright, James, bricklayer and plasterer, Ber street
Wright, James, tailor and draper, Ber street
Wright, James, the Goat, Upper Goat lane
Wright, James, land surveyor, St. Andrew’s plain; h Mount Pleasant,
Unthank’s road
Wright, Joseph, plumber and glazier, King street
Wright, Mrs. midwife, Brazen Doors road
Wright, Richard, boot and shoe manufacturer, Bridge street
Wright, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Bank plain
Wright, Robert, land agent, Lower close
Wright, Thomas, butcher, True Briton, New Catton
Wright, Walter, plumber and glazier, Lame Dog road
Wright, William, builder, Richmond hill
Wurr, Louisa, shopkeeper, Grove place, New Lakenham
Wurr, Robert, spirit and porter vaults, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Wurr, William, bricklayer, St. Giles’ hill
Wyatt, David, tailor, Paragon street
Wyatt, Esdaile, clerk, Lower close
Wyatt, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Upper King street
Wyatt, John, Carpenters’ Arms, St. Michael’s Thorn lane
Yates, W. and Co., earthenware dealers, Upper Davey place
Yaxley, Henry, King’s Arms, St. Augustine’s street
Yellop, Robert, Golden Can, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Youngs, Crawshay, and Youngs, brewers, King street
Youngman, Harold, commercial clerk, and agent for the Scottish Union Fire
and Life Insurance Company, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Youngs, James, builder, St. Benedict’s road
Youngs, John, grocer and tea dealer, West End street
Youngs, Peter, Bull Hotel and Snow’s Chop House, Upper market
Youngman, Samuel, commercial traveller, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s
gates
Young, Mary Ann, general shopkeeper, Mariner’s lane
Youngs, Mary Ann, bread and biscuit baker, St. Stephen’s street
Youell, Thomas, bricklayer and plasterer, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Youngs, William, the Cherry Tree, New Lakenham
Youels, William, hairdresser, St. Catherine’s plain
Zipfel, John, watch and clock maker, Magdalen street
Zipfel, Matthew, watch and clock maker, Bridge street



CLASSIFICATION
OF
TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Academies and Seminaries—


Baker, Henry, Rising Sun road
Basham, Miss, St. Giles’ hill
Bellamy, William, Lower close
Bending, Thomas, Magdalen street
Bexfield, Benjamin, Lady’s lane
Blakely, Miss, Lower close
Blakely, Misses, St. Andrew’s street
Blogg, William, Upper King street
Booty, Horace John, Thorpe hamlet
Boyden, Eliza, Pottergate street
Brady, Mary, Pottergate street
Brooke, William, Grey Friars
Burrage, J. C., Castle ditches
Burrage, Frederic Joseph, Golden Dog lane
Burrage, Sarah, Upper Surrey street
Cartwright, Mrs. E., New Catton
Carver, Mrs. Ruth, West Pottergate
Chapman, Emily, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Codling, Arthur John, Magdalen street
Coldwell, Misses, St. Clement’s
Coles, Mrs. Sarah, Newmarket road
Crowe, Elizabeth, Calvert street
Dead, Mrs., Somerset place, Holl’s lane
Dennington, Sarah, St. Saviour’s infant school, Golden Dog lane
Dix, Miss, Chapel Field
Drane, Hannah, Rigby’s Court
Dye, Miss, Theatre street
Farnell, James Thomas, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ street
Farnell, William Keeling, Theatre street
Farmer, Benjamin, Colegate street
Firth, Miss Ellen, Bethel street
Fiddy, Mrs., Distillery street
Finegan, Thomas William, Cow hill
Fuller, Miss, Bethel street
Forder, Ellen, Horn’s lane
George, Misses, Colegate street
Hardy, Francis, Ladies’ row, Saint Stephen’s gates
Hardiman, Sarah, Bracondale
Hartt, Miss Catherine, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Heasel, Misses, Surrey road
Holmes, Mrs. E., St. Stephen’s road
Howard, Ann, Unthank’s toad
Ives, Miss, Crescent
Jarvis, William, Trafalgar place, New Lakenham
Kempster, Mrs., Tabernacle house
Lake, William, St. Benedict’s road
Lambert, Mary, Queen street
Lantenant, Madame, Prince’s street
Larke, Hannah Susannah, Cow hill
Lincolne, Misses, Surrey street
Ling, Harriet Elizabeth, Bethel street
Ling, Henry, Unthank’s road
Mills, Ann, Unthank’s road
Nelson, William, William street
Marshall, Ephraim, Chapel loke, Ber street
Paul, Francis William, Bracondale
Phillips, Francis, Mancroft school, Hay hill
Phillips, Ann, London terrace, St. Stephen’s road
Phillips, Elizabeth, Chatham place, St. Stephen’s gates
Pigg, James William, Grove cottage, Thorpe hamlet
Priest, Mrs. H., Pottergate street
Reeve, Elizabeth, Vauxhall street
Redgrave, Helen C., Priory, St. Stephen’s
Sheppard, Mrs., St. Benedict’s plain
Simpson, John, Friars’ place, New Lakenham
Spratt, Sarah, Bethel street
Stracey, Emily, Theatre street
Starling, E., St. Augustine’s District school, St. Augustine’s road
Stocks, Rev. E., Mile End School
Stocks, Mary M., St. Benedict’s gates
Walters, Martha and Elizabeth, Theatre street
Wilson, Misses E. and C., Grove house, Newmarket road


Agents and Accountants—


Baly, William, Thorpe
Barber, Charles James, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Barber, James, New Catton
Bardwell, George S., Newmarket road
Bayliss, Henry, Pottergate street
Birch, Isaac, King street gates
Burrows, George C., Post office street; h Palace plain
Buxton, Joseph, Heigham road
Cannell, Henry B., New Catton
Clark, George O., Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Clarke, Samuel, Distillery street
Cook, James, Hall road, New Lakenham
Corsbie, Dennis T., West End terrace, Grapes Hill
Corsbie, Joseph, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Corsbie, Samuel W., Distillery street
Cross, John, St. Benedict’s road
Culyer, William, Grapes hill
Day, Starling, New Catton
Dickenson, Richard, St. Stephen’s road
Driver, William C., St. Benedict’s road
Dunnan, Robert G., Bank street
Elmer, John, St. Catherine’s terrace
Etheridge, Thomas, Thorpe
Featherstone, T., Distillery street
Fison, Thomas, St. Augustine’s road
Fountain, Thomas, Seymour place, St. Stephen’s square
Grinling, George, Unthank’s road
Harmer, D. and Co., Duke’s palace
Heigham, Richard, Langham place, St. Benedict’s road
Holmes, Richard, Distillery street
Hunt, George, St. Benedict’s road
Jarvis, Thomas W., Langham place, St. Benedict’s road
Kemp, D. R., William street
Kerry, George C., Elm hill
Littleboy, John, St. Benedict’s road
Lloyd, Richard, William street
Madders, Anthony, Thorpe
Mason, John, Distillery street
Mills, Jacob, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Monteith, George, Unthank’s road
Nockall, Robert, Golden Dog lane
Osborne, Samuel, St. Benedict’s road
Parsons, Walter Uriah, Thorpe
Provart, William, St. Augustine’s road
Read, John, Hall road, New Lakenham
Restieaux, Joseph, Lady’s lane
Rogers, Edmund C., Dereham Road terrace, St. Benedict’s road
Short, John, Dereham Road terrace, St. Benedict’s road
Smith, James, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Sowells, William, Chapel Field road
Sowels, William, Distillery street
Spelman, George, West Pottergate
Starling, Thomas, Paragon street
Studwin, Paul, St. Benedict’s road
Todd, William, King street
Walker, Mr., Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Wild, John, Orford hill
Winter, John, Valentine street


Artists—


Goose, William Henry, Briggs’ street
Heaviside, John, Church street, St. Simon’s
Hubbard, Mary Ann, All Saints’ green
Ladbrooke, J. B., Bridge street
Nursey, Claude L., Thorpe hamlet
Smith, Susanna, Southwell cottage, New Lakenham
Stannard, Arthur, Upper King street
Stannard, Mrs. Joseph, Rose lane
Thompson, Henry, St. Stephen’s gates


Auctioneers, &c.


Barnard, Dennis, Castle street
Butcher, William, Theatre street
Clarke and Hunter, Dove street
Clowes, Francis, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Harrison, Spencer, Upper Market
Hudbud, Stephen, St. Benedict’s street
Ives, George, Upper King street
Mason, Henry John, Duke’s Palace street
Sparkes, Francis S., St. Giles’ street
Spelman, William and Sons, St. Giles’ street
Strogan, Robert, Bracondale
Wilde, William, St. Stephen’s street
Wilde, William, jun., Post Office street


Bakers—


Aldous, John Tungate, Trory street, New Lakenham
Alexander, Henry, Heigham street
Anderson, Joseph, Pump street
Archer, Henry, Ber street
Artis, Francis, Castle hill
Baldwin, Henry, St. Martin’s at Oak
Bardwell, William, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Barnes, Edward Ramsbottom, Thorn lane
Baxter, Maria, Brazen Doors road
Bennett, Daniel, Ber street
Bennett, Robert, St. Giles’ hill
Bennett, Robert, junr., West Pottergate
Bennett, William, Cowgate street
Berry, John George, Ber street
Blyth, Mary, Barrack street
Bone, Francis, St. Benedict’s street
Brock, Samuel, St. Augustine’s street
Brown, John, Philadelphia
Brown, Maria, St. Swithin’s
Browne, Barnabas, City road
Burrage, Edward, Upper St. Giles’
Cannell, Robert, King street
Catling, Alfred, King street gates
Claxton, George, Tinkler’s lane
Claxton, Walter, New Catton
Daplyn, Maria, St. Augustine’s street
Davison, Matthew, Rising Sun lane
Dawson, William, Rupert street, Union place
Ding, James, Pottergate street
Dunn, John, West Pottergate
Empson, Ezra, St. Augustine’s street
Fearnside, Benjamin, Palace street
Folk, Charles, King street, Crook’s place
Folk, Charles, Gildengate street
Fox, Elizabeth, Lower close
Fox, William, Cowgate street
Freeman, James, St. Giles’ street
Freeman, William, Union place
Freestone, Anthony, Church street, New Lakenham
Gibson, William, St. Catherine’s plain
Goldsmith, Thomas, St. Stephen’s str.
Graham, Nathaniel, Union place
Graver, Thomas, St. Paul’s church plain
Hannant, Nathaniel, Magdalen street
Harden, Charles, Tinkler’s lane
Harden, Charles, Heigham street
Hardy, Michael, St. Catherine’s plain
Harrison, William, Golden Ball street
Hatch, Frederic, William street
Hemnall, Johnston, Rose lane
Hewitt, Thomas, Rising Sun lane
Hill, Robert, King street
Holl, Harriett, Gildengate street
Houghton, Robert, Ber street
Howard, Daniel, Barrack street
Hull, Mary, St. Mary’s street
Isaac, Edward, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Isaac, Edward, Upper Regent street, Union place
Iverson, Edward, West Pottergate
Kahler, John Henry, Rose lane
Kemp, James, Union place
Lake, Samuel, St. George’s plain
Land, Henry, Colegate street
Larkman, William, King street
Laws, John, Thorn lane
Leach, James, Little Queen street, Crook’s place
Leman, Thomas, All Saints’ street
Long, Joseph Page, St. James’ street
Lowe, Alfred, Holl’s lane
Massingham, Robert, Bethel street
Mitchell, Frederic, Palace street
Myhill, Benjamin, St. Martin’s at Palace
Miller, Alfred, Chapel field road
Newman, Henry Richard, Ber street
Newson, Samuel, Trowse Millgate
Page, Mary, St. John’s Maddermarket
Parker, Clare, St. Martin’s at Oak
Pegg, Thomas, New Catton
Pinching, William, Bethel street
Pinching, William, Queen str., Crook’s place
Parr, John, Saint Peter’s steps, Market-place
Plumnell, James, Ten Bell lane
Pooley, Richard, Charing cross
Primrose, Maria, Pitt street
Quantrell, Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Rose, Philip, St. Miles’ street
Sampson, Sarah, St. Benedict’s street
Scott, Thomas, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Sheppard, Elizabeth, Upper market
Skedge, John, West Pottergate street
Smith, Robert, King street, Crook’s place
Smith, William Richard, St. Benedict’s street
Stafford, William, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Sullivan, Stephen, St. Margaret’s plain
Tann, John, Charing cross
Thurston, Carnaby, New Catton
Tuttell, Ann, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Waller, Thomas, Cowgate street
Wilch, Thomas, King street
Willimott, Henry, Mill lane, New Catton
Winter, Samuel, King street
Woollistone, James, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Youngs, Mary Ann, St. Stephen’s str.


Bankers—


Harvey and Hudsons, Upper King str., draw on Hankey and Co.
East of England, Hay hill, William Stitt Wilson, manager; draw on London
and Westminster bank
Gurneys, Birkbeck, and Co., Bank plain; drawn on Barclay and Co.
Savings’ Bank, Haymarket, open Mondays, Wednesdays, and Saturdays, from
12 till 2.  _Chief Clerk_, W. Fenn


Basket Makers, &c.—


Beales, Mary, Tombland
Burman, Henry, St. Mary’s street
Gay, Mrs., Upper market
Green, Robert, St. Benedict’s street
Hovell, William, Charing cross
Mason, Samuel, Ber street
Thayne, Edward, St. Benedict’s street


Blacksmiths—


Banham, Henry, Holl’s lane
Boswell, John, St. Andrew’s hill
Brooks, John, All Saints’ street
Browne, William, Barrack street
Cocks, William, St. Catherine’s plain
Huggins, John, Rising Sun lane
Oakley, Robert, Palace street
Palmer, John and W., St. Augustine’s street
Robson, Jonathan, Rising Sun road
Salmon, William, King street gates
Shalders, Thomas, Hay hill
Sharon, Anthony, Pottergate street
Shreeve, John, Magdalen street


Booksellers and Stationers—


Bacon, Richard N., London street
Candler, John, Rampant Horse street
Custance, Jonathan, Magdalen street
Darken, James, Little London street
Daynes, John, Back of the Inns
Fletcher and Alexander, Gentleman’s Walk, Market-place
Gooch, Robert, White Lion street
Hardesty, Alexander, White Lion str.
Hill, Lot, Bridewell alley
Jarrold and Sons, London and Exchange streets
Jeary, Robert, Bridewell alley
Lain, Edward, Elm hill
Mousir, Robert, St. Giles’ street
Muskett, Charles, Haymarket
Nash, William S., Lower Westwick street
Newman, Samuel, St. Giles’ street
Oury and Co., London street
Pigg, Henry, London street
Priest, Thomas, Rampant Horse street
Rudd, Francis, St. Stephen’s square
Slater, John, Castle hill
Spencer, George, Bridge street
Stevenson and Matchett, Market-place
Wilson, George, Castle meadow
Woolnough, Theophilus, Prince’s str.


Bookbinders—


Campling, James, St. Stephen’s street
Colby, Richard, Golden Dog lane
Coote, George Mark, Hay hill
Fletcher and Alexander, Gentleman’s Walk, Market-place
Grinter, Charles E., Gildengate street
Jarrold and Sons, London street
Jeary, Robert, Bridewell alley
Kerr, Stephen John, Distillery street
Lemmon, James, Gun lane
Liffen, John Palmer, Gildengate street
Muskett, Charles, Haymarket
Otty, Philip, Orford hill
Pigg, Henry, London street
Priest, Thomas, Rampant Horse street
Quinton, John, Pottergate street
Rudd, Francis, St. Stephen’s square
Steward, Samuel, Prince’s street
Thrower, John, St. Stephen’s
Upcroft, W., Thoroughfare yard, Magdalen street


Boot and Shoe Makers—


Abbott, William, Magdalen street
Allen, Mary Ann and Charles, Briggs’ street
Ames, James, St. Benedict’s street
Banham and Scotter, Wensum street
Barber, Frederick, Somerset place, Holl’s lane
Barker, Benjamin, Hall road, New Lakenham
Barnes, John, St. James’ street
Baston, William, Castle street
Blyth, John, Cross street, St. Giles’ rd.
Blyth, William B., Bethel street
Boast, John, Lower Westwick street
Borking, James, St. Benedict’s street
Bowhill, O. H., Oxford street, Unthank’s road
Bowthorpe, William, Unthank’s road
Brett, Isaac, Upper King street
Buck, Charles Harrison, Back of the Inns
Calver, John, Church street, St. Simon’s
Calver, Thomas, Upper Market-place
Campling, Browne, and Co., Pottergate street
Carver, William, Trowse Millgate
Casper, George, h Lower close
Challis, Thomas, Upper London street
Clarke, John, Distillery street
Clitheroe, William, Botolph street
Collins, James, Davey place
Cooke, Edward Thomas, White Lion street
Cousins, Thomas, Bethel street
Cox, John, Magdalen street
Crawford, William, Bank street
Cullington, Mary Ann, Queen street
Cushing, James, Distillery street
Dean, James, Bridge street
Dobson, Robert, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Fenn, Thomas, Pottergate street
Ford and Son, Colegate street
Ford, William, Earlham road
Ford, William Foyster, Calvert street
Francis, George, Castle hill
Freeman, Richard, St. Benedict’s street
Frost, John, Lower Westwick street
Goffin, Matilda Elizabeth, Palace street
Goldsmith, James, Back of the Inns
Good, Thomas, Magdalen street
Green and Company, Bethel street
Groom, George, St. Stephen’s street
Hall, Timothy, Ten Bell lane
Hammond, Jonathan, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Hardy, Jonathan, St. Benedict’s street
Harris, James Thomas, Ber street
Harrison, William, Bridewell alley
Harvey, John, London street
Howorth, William, St. Miles’ street
Hewitt, George, West End street
Holl, George, All Saints’ green
Holl, George Norton, Castle street
Holl, Robert D., Exchange street
Holl, Robert, St. Benedict’s road
Holmes, John, Surrey street
Holmes, Robert, Rigby’s court
Horne, Robert, Cambrian place, Heigham road
Horne, Robert, Little London street
Hotblack, John, Orford hill, h Carrow hill
Howes, Abraham, Rampant Horse str.
Hudson, George, West Pottergate
Isaacs, John, Gildengate street
Jay, Jonathan, Valentine street
Johnson, James, St. Giles’ hill
Jordan, John, St. Miles’ bridge
Kemp, William, Pitt street
Kent, Robert, White Lion street
Larke, Frederic William, St. John’s Timberhill
Lee, William, All Saints’ street
Leech, John, Queen str., Crook’s place
Lincoln, James, Ten Bell lane
Littell, Charles, Upper market-place
Lloyd, J. P., Davey place
Lock, Henry, St. Stephen’s street
Loombe, Thomas, St. John’s Timberhill
Lulham, William George, and Lulham, Edwin Walter, Surrey street
Mann, Samuel, Magdalen street
Martin and Son, St. Gregory’s church alley
May, James, Upper St. Giles’
Merry, John, King street
Middleton, John, St. Augustine’s street
Middleton, Thomas, West Wymer street
Minns, William, Rising Sun lane
Moon, Robert, New Catton
Norton, George, St. Stephen’s street
Palmer, Robert, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Patteson, James, St. Benedict’s street
Pond, James, West End street
Pratt, John, St. Mary’s street
Preston, Daniel, New Catton
Price, John, Orford hill
Randall, James, Ber street
Roberts, James, St. John’s Timberhill
Rogers and Casper, Calvert street
Rubert, Justice, Lower Westwick street
Sampson, William, Cow hill
Samuel and Joseph, St. John’s Timberhill
Sacret, Thomas, Magdalen street
Scott, John, Magdalen street
Skoyles, James, Grapes hill
Smith, George, Southwell cottage, New Lakenham
Snelling, William, Orford hill
Soman, Daniel, Lower Goat lane
Soman, David, Gildengate street
Stapleton, Robert, St. John’s Maddermarket and Pottergate street
Steward, Thomas, St. Stephen’s street
Sursham, Henry David, St. Benedict’s street
Swann, James, Magdalen street
Terrington, William, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Thetford, Thomas Daniel, St. Paul’s st.
Thirtle, Thomas, Bridewell alley
Thompson, John, White Lion street
Tillyard, Isaac, Valentine street
Tillyard and Son, Elm hill
Tillyard and Co., Pottergate street
Tinkley, Esther, Rampant Horse street
Truman, James, Grapes hill
Turner, William, St. Swithin’s
Turner, William, Palace street
Twaites, John Henry, Holl’s lane
Utting, John, Gildengate street
Watering, Jeremiah, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Webster, Robert, jun., St. Lawrence steps
Winter, Charles, Upper market
Woolmer, Clement Amos, Bridge street
Wright, Richard, Bridge street
Wright, Robert, Bank plain
Wyatt, Henry, Upper King street


Braziers and Tin-plate Workers (see also Ironmongers)—


Alden, Robert, St. Stephen’s plain
Ashen, Robert, St. Stephen’s street
Baker and Hornor, Post-office street
Bedford, Philip, Pottergate street
Brown, William, St. Miles’ street
Hayward, Carey, Ber street
Huson, Richard, William street
Jay, John, St. Andrew’s hill
Murton, William, St. Miles’ street
Olley, Stephen Benjamin, St. Benedict’s street
Smith, William, St. Benedict’s street
Stevens, Charles Frederic, Magdalen st.
Waite, George, Redwell street
Warner and Co., St. Giles’ street
Wright, Daniel, Pitt street


Brewers and Maltsters—


Baldwin, William, St. Giles’ hill
Barclay, Arthur K., King street gates
Bell, Stephen, Carrow hill
Boardman and Sursham, Wensum street
Branford, Benjamin, Thorpe
Burdett, Jonathan, Dereham road
Bullard, Richard, Bridge street
Clarke, Charles, St. Miles’
Gooch, Noah, Charing cross
Harmer, Daniel, King street
Mealing and Mills, King street
Morgan, J. B. and H., King street
Patteson, Henry S., St. Martin’s at Oak
Plane, Richard, Upper Goat lane
Sexton, Edward, New Catton
Steward, Patteson, Finch, and Co., Barrack street
Weston, Charles, Bridge street, St. George’s
Webster, William, Ber street
Youngs, Crawshay, and Youngs, King street


Brick Merchants—


Blake, George, Newmarket road
Dawson, George, Brazen Doors road
Mills, James, Castle meadow
Murrell, G. H., Duke’s palace


Brush Manufacturers, &c.—


Abel, Frederick, Unthank’s road
Bradfield, James, Little London street
Campion, Edward, West Wymer street
Cook, Samuel, Davey place
Edgar, Thomas, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Gay, Mrs., Upper market
Gibson, Matthew, Paragon street
Gooch, Thomas, Grout’s thoroughfare
Harper, James, St. Benedict’s street
Page, Samuel D., Haymarket
Rix, Henry, Gildengate street
Robinson, Robert, Rising Sun lane
Rogers and Page, Wensum street
Scott, Peter Thomas, White Lion street
Winter, William, Back of the Inns


Butchers—


Bale, George, St. Benedict’s street
Blake, Benjamin, Lower Westwick str.
Blazer, Robert, Regent street, Union place
Blake, Samuel, Bridewell alley
Brewster, James, Upper market
Bridges, John, Heigham street
Bunn, Thomas, Distillery street
Bushell, William, Norfolk street, Union place
Campling, Paul, West Pottergate street
Chapman, Abel, Magdalen street
Chapman, Samuel, Upper St. Giles’
Chapman, Thomas Robert, Upper market
Clarke, Samuel, Rose Valley terrace, Unthank’s road
Cobb, Leggatt, St. Augustine’s street
Cobb, Robert Leggatt, Magdalen street
Cork, Henry, St. Augustine’s
Cross, William, Rose lane
Cullington, John, St. Augustine’s street
Dawson, Jonathan, Magdalen street
Dawson, Philip, Magdalen street
Dent, Thomas, Ber street
Dickenson, Richard, St. Benedict’s street
Drake, Mary, Church walk, New Lakenham
Easton, Zachariah, St. James’ street
Ellwood, Henry, St. John’s Timberhill
Fitt, James, Ber street
Fitt, William, Ber street
Fussey, Susan, Ber street
Gray, Mary Ann, St. Benedict’s street
Greeves, Benjamin, Upper market
Greeves, Henry, Market-place; h Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Gibson, Samuel, Gildengate street
Goodwin, Sarah, Upper market
Goodson, William, St. Benedict’s road
Hall, Charles, Upper King street
Harley, John Payne, St. Benedict’s str.
Holland, Francis, West Wymer street
Howard, William, New Catton
Ives, Charles, Magdalen street
Jackson, Edward, Bridewell alley
Jones, James, Grove place, New Lakenham
Keddington, Frederic, Ber street
Kerrison, Barnard, Colegate street
Kett, George, Ber street
Key, George, St. Martin’s at Oak
King, Edward, St. Catherine’s plain
Lamb, James, Upper market
Lamb, Robert, Palace street
Lamb, William, Grapes hill
Lawrence, Thomas, St. Faith’s lane
Manthorpe, Thomas, King street
Meen, Henry P., St. Stephen’s street
Miller, George, City road
Minns, David, St. Benedict’s street
Morrison, John, St. James’ street
Pilgrim, John, St. Martin’s at Oak
Pitcher, Robert, New Catton
Pycroft, Nathaniel, Red Lion street
Pycroft, Thomas, St. Stephen’s street
Redgement, Kirby, Vauxhall street, Union place
Rudling, William, Ber street
Rudrum, Christopher, King street
Savage, Robert, Bridge street
Savage, Stephen, Cowgate street
Scarnell, William, Distillery street
Seeley, William, Pottergate street
Skelt, William P., St. Benedict’s street
Stedman, William, Lady’s lane
Stewardson, N. T., St. James’ street
Stimpson, John, Fye bridge
Stockings, Mark, St. Stephen’s street
Watts, Thomas, Willow Jane
Woodcock, Samuel, Palace street
Wright, Thomas, New Catton


Builders, Carpenters, and Joiners—


Aldous, C., St. Stephen’s street
Amies, John, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Atkinson, Richard, Bethel street
Bailey, Isaac, West Pottergate
Balls, Benjamin, Pottergate street
Balls, Daniel, West Pottergate
Barber, William, St. Martin’s Palace plain
Barking, Thomas, Pottergate street
Barnes, Matthew, Rowling’s buildings, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Bell, George, Peacock street
Bloom, Thomas, St. Giles’ road
Blyth, John, William street
Britcher, Thomas, Pottergate street
Brooks, Henry, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Brooks, James, Tabernacle street
Brooks, Thomas, Bridge street; h Thorpe hamlet
Brown and Bailey, West Pottergate str.
Brown, John, West Pottergate
Browne, Christopher, Front row, New Lakenham
Burrell, Benjamin, King street
Bush, Thomas, Globe street, Union place
Colman, John D., Magdalen street
Cunney, Robert, New Catton
Curtis and Balls, West Pottergate str.
Cushion, William, Rising Sun road
Darkins, Canuel, St. Stephen’s gates
Daws, Robert, Hampden place, Saint Benedict’s road
Doughty, John, Crook’s place
England, Robert, St. Giles’ hill
Fisher, Robert Watts, Museum court, St. Andrew’s street
Fisher, Thomas, the Crescent
Fisher, Thomas, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Fisher, William, Calvert street
Fitt, John, Rising Sun lane
Frost, Charles, Chapel Field road
Gaze, Matthew, King street
George, W. Morris, Pottergate street
Gilbert, William, St. Augustine’s
Goose, Robert, Union place
Griffin, Eliza, Cow hill
Harper, Ambrose, Southwell road, New Lakenham
Hewitt, James, St. Augustine’s road
Hood, Robert, Sussex street
Hood, Robert, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Houghton, Robert, Ber street
Howard, Charles, Bishopgate street
Howlett, James, Pottergate street
Lacey, George P., Surrey road
Lacey, James W., Surrey street
Lacey, John, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Lacey, John G., Ber street
Lacey, William, Castle hill
Lacey, William R., St. Andrew’s Broad street
Lane, James, New Catton
Leech, Philip, St. Martin’s lane
Ling, George, All Saints’ green
Lucas Brothers, St. Giles’ street, Belvidere road, London, and South
wharf, Lowestoft
Mare, Stephen, Lady’s lane
Meachen, George, St. Benedict’s road
Meachen, Stephen, William street
Miller, John, Gildengate street
Minns, Edward, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Minns and Foyson, Castle meadow
Minns, George W., Tombland
Moore, William, New Lakenham
Murray, Joseph, New Lakenham
Nelson, Thomas, Barrack street
Newham, John, New Lakenham
Newham, George, Front row, New Lakenham
Nicholls, John, Golden Ball street
Norton, Henry, John street, Union pl.
Notley, William, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Ollett, M. A., Lower close
Page, Jeremiah, Rising Sun road
Page, Samuel, West Pottergate
Plummer and Bloom, Bethel street
Parker, Clare, St. Martin’s at Oak
Parnell, Richard, Lady’s lane
Read, James, Prince’s street
Russell, Robert George, St. Catherine’s plain
Sendall, William, Paragon street
Sexton, Horace W., St. Swithin’s
Sexton, Robert Watling, Golden Dog lane
Sinkler, John, Magdalen street
Smith, Robert, St. Stephen’s road
Spinks, Charles, King street
Taylor, James, Whitefriars’ street
Tillett, Leonard, Lower Westwick street
Townshend, William, Golden Ball str.
Underwood, Henry, King street
Walker, James, Paragon street
Warnett, George, King street
Watson, Edward Charles, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Watson, James, Philadelphia
White, Jeremiah, St. Miles’ Thorn lane
Wiseman, Robert, Muspole street, St. Mary’s
Wordingham, William, St. Catherine’s plain
Worman, James, Castle meadow
Wrettham, William, Paragon street
Wright, James, Ber street
Wright, William, Richmond hill
Wurr, William, St. Giles’ hill
Wurr and Page, St. Giles’ hill
Youell, Thomas, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Youngs, James, St. Benedict’s road


Cabinet Makers and Upholsterers—


Abel, Daniel, Pottergate street
Blazeby, James, Bethel street
Birch, Benjamin, Ber street
Bultitude, Edward, Charing cross
Chamberlin, William, Cowgate street
Clarke and Hunter, Dove street
Cordran, William, Chapel field road
Corrick, William, St. Giles’ street
Cox, John, Laflin’s buildings, St. Benedict’s road
Craske, James, Lower Goat lane
Cross, James, Lower Goat lane
Crowe and Sons, St. Stephen’s street
Fairweather, Henry, St. Giles’ street
Forte, W. and Watts, W. H., St. Augustine’s street
Freeman, Charles Jeremiah, Upper London street
Hales, James, St. John’s Maddermarket
Harmer, Robert, Carrow hill
Huggins, Maria, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Kirkham and Howard, Redwell street
Lawrence, William, Ten Bell lane
Leeson, Richard Croft, St. Giles’ street
Miller, George Robert, St. Andrew’s hill
Moll, Richard, St. John’s Maddermarket
Neave, Charles James, King street gates
Norris, James, Charing cross
Ostler, James, Suffolk street, Union place
Pigg, Greenwood, and Co., London str.
Pilgrim, William, Pottergate street
Pooley, Samuel, St. John’s Maddermarket
Pooley, William, Charing cross
Richardson, John, West Pottergate
Robertson, Henry, Grove road, New Lakenham
Roe, John, Orford hill
Scott, Charles, Gildengate street
Scott, Emily, Charing cross
Scott, Robert B., Charing cross
Tann, Samuel Wiseman, Pottergate street
Thirkettle, John, St. Catherine’s plain
Tillett, Benjamin, New Catton
Trevor, Henry, Post-office street
Tyce, George, Charing cross
Woods, John Robert, St. Stephen’s street


Carvers and Gilders—


Boswell, William, Magdalen street
Burrell, Benjamin, King street
Clarke and Hunter, Dove street
Crowe and Sons, St. Stephen’s street
Culyer, Thomas, Pottergate street
Daws, Larrance, St. Andrew’s hill
Freeman, William, jun., and print-seller, Rampant Horse street
Gilman, John, Upper London street
Griffin, E., Cow hill
Howard, John, Bethel street
Ollett, M. A., Lower close
Robinson, Christopher, Pottergate str.
Scott, Robert B., Charing cross
Townsend, Samuel, jun., Charing cross
Townshend, Samuel, Bethel street
Trevor, Henry, Post-office street; h St. Giles’ road
Watson, Daniel, All Saints’ Green
Wilkin, Charles, Tombland


Chemists and Druggists—


Andrews, Brothers, Bridge street
Arnold, Edward, Orford hill
Baxter, Benjamin, St. Benedict’s street
Bliss, Joseph James, Magdalen street
Cooke, William, St. Giles’ street
Cubitt, George, Gentleman’s Walk, Market-place
Dixon, Benjamin, Rose corner, King street
Farmer and Huke, Upper Market-place
Fitch and Chambers, Market-place
Fromow, William, St. Augustine’s str.
Grant, Thomas, Ber street
Greenhill, J., St. Giles’ street
Harper and Sutton, Bank plain
Hooper, John, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Hulme, John H., St. Andrew’s hall plain
James, Henry, St. Martin’s at Oak
Johnson, Ambrose, Lower Westwick street
Juler, Richard, St. James’ street
Lay, George, Wellington street, Union place
Miles, Charles, St. Stephen’s street
Orris, George, Magdalen street
Pearce, Henry (Homœopathic), Davey place
Peggs, James Orissa, Golden Ball str.
Pitts, Robert Christopher, St. Giles’ street
Prentice, William, Ber street
Redgrave, William R., Wensum street
Row, Frederic, St. Stephen’s street
Rudd, John, St. George’s plain
Sanderson, Edwin, Upper St. Giles’
Searby, W. and W. M., White Lion str.
Slade, Daniel Davis (Homœopathic) London street
Smith, Edward, Calvert street
Smith and Sons, Magdalen street and Market-place
Spatchett, James, St. John’s Maddermarket
Stark and Co., wholesale, Duke’s palace bridge
Thompson, Henry, Bridge street
Watson, Gilbert P., King street
Wheeler, Francis, Swan lane


Clothiers (see also Tailors)—


Bayes, Elizabeth and Sons, Orford hill
Bennett and Son, Wensum street
Brown, George, Bridge street
Burrage and Jeffries, Davey place
Burrows, Robert, Lower Westwick str.
Butler, James, Lower Westwick street
Christie, Thomas, Magdalen street
Cocks, Dennis, Magdalen street
Cocks, Thomas, Lower Westwick street
Fromow, John, Lower Westwick street
Hare, John, Lower Westwick street
Huby, Richard, Lower Westwick street
Kilburn, William, St. Benedict’s street
Lawcons, Virtue, Lower Westwick str.
Marshall, Peter, Ber street
Metcalf, Simon W., St. Benedict’s street
Mickleburgh, J. H., St. Margaret’s pln.
Nichols, Elizabeth, Upper Goat lane
Paul, Greenwood, Lower Westwick str.
Pilgrim, Thomas, St. James’ street
Riches and Skoyles, Davey place
Steward and Smith, Tombland
Slater, J., Tombland
Womack, George, White Lion street and Davey place
Wade, Francis, London street
Webster, Robert, St. Lawrence steps


Coach Builders—


Cordran, Henry, Magdalen street
Foulger, Robert, Mason’s court, Ber street
Gunn, Robert, Grove place, New Lakenham
Harcourt, Anthony, Vauxhall terrace, Julian place
Hart, Philip W., St. Giles’ gates
Howard, George, Little Orford street
Howes, Henry W., Ber street
Howes, Thomas S., Rose lane
Jolly, Charles W., St. Stephen’s gates
Kett, Henry, St. Giles’ street
Meadows, Jonathan, Bridge street
Pearson, Edward, St. Andrew’s broad street
Rudling, James, Palace street
Smith, George, St. Stephen’s square
Spratt, William, Chapel field
Stanhaw, George, St. Giles’ gates


Coal Merchants—


Balls, James, City road, Heigham fields
Boardman and Sursham, Wensum str.
Bowgen, John H., Lower Westwick street
Clarke, Royal, William street
Dawbarn, James, Castle hill
Dowson and Sons, Duke’s Palace street
George, Richard, Quay side
Lamb, Benjamin C., Magdalen street
Mills, James, Castle meadow
Norfolk and Eastern Counties Coal Company, Prince’s street
Orsborne, Edward, Quay side
Read, Samuel G., Quay side
Vyall, Daniel, St. Andrew’s broad street
Watson, John, Haymarket


Coffee and Eating Houses—


Beck, Samuel, Castle hill
Bloomfield, George, Market-place
Fountain, Mrs., London street
Frost, William, Upper Market
Ham, Mrs. C., Orford hill
Hemnall, Johnson, Rose lane
Hubbard, Horatio, Upper Market
Lee, George, Market place
Parker, Thomas, Rose lane
Rix, George, Golden Ball street
Sanderson, Alexander, Bridge street
Seeley’s boarding house, St. Stephen’s plain
Webster, Henry, Golden Ball street


Confectioners—


Benslyn, Thomas, Pottergate street
Black and Co., Haymarket
Brighten, Charles George, St. Stephen’s gates
Burrage, Edward, Upper St. Giles’
Burrage, Edwin, Elm hill
Chapman, William, Wensum street
Chettleburgh, Henry, Rampant Horse street


Confectioners (continued)—


Chidwick, Francis, Magdalen street
Culyer, Thomas, St. Augustine’s street
Daynes, Richard, Lower Westwick street
Fountain, Mrs., London street
Goldsmith, Thomas, St. Stephen’s str.
Haddon, Mary Ann, Rose lane
Harrison, Francis, Elm hill
Harrison, William, St. Andrew’s hill
Hatcarton, Joseph, Swan lane
Hick, William, Bridge street
Holl, Harriet, Gildengate street
Hunt, James, St. Stephen’s
Hunt, John, St. Benedict’s street
Lake, Samuel, St. George’s plain
Lock, Charles, Exchange street
Lowe, Joseph, Gildengate street
Malvon, Jeremiah, St. James’ street
Marshall, Robert, Magdalen street
Marston, Richard, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Massingham, Robert, Bethel street
Pinching, William, Bethel street
Rose, John, Golden Ball street
Rose, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street
Savory, Coulsey, Upper London street
Scottow, Mary, Red Lion street
Silvey, William, White Lion street
Skipper, Henry, Magdalen street
Smith, John J., Ber street
Smith, William R., Palace street
Stannard, Robert, Little London street
Tuck, Robert, Wensum street
Tuck, Robert, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Tuck, Robert A., Lower Goat lane
Tate, James, St. Miles’ street
Wilson, George, Queen street
Winter, George, St. John’s Timberhill


Coopers—


Culyer, Charles A., Rampant Horse street
Death, John, Bishopgate street
Jeckell, George, Ber street gates
Le Maitre, H., St. Stephen’s
Munday, James, St. Michael’s at Thorn lane
Plumstead, William, Church street
Sheppard, Isaac, Magdalen street
Short, Henry, Gildengate street
Stacy, Anthony, Thorpe hamlet


Cork Cutters—


Crosskill, George, Bridge street
Robinson, John, Bridge street
Rose, George, St. Stephen’s street
Wilson, Thomas, Golden Ball street


Corn and Seed Merchants—


Allen, Henry, Distillery street
Barwell and Sons, St. Andrew’s hill and London street
Batson, Edward, Magdalen street
Boardman and Sursham, Wensum str.
Burcham and Co., Wensum street
Clabburn and Sparkes, Magdalen street
Cross, James, Victoria street, St. Stephen’s road
Cubitt, William J., Magdalen street
Dunmore, Robert, St. Benedict’s street
Kitson, John, the Close
Mealing, Samuel W., King street, h Ipswich road
Norton, John and Co., Guildhall corner, Market place
Read, Robert, Bishopgate street
Redgrave, Joseph, the Close
Woolnough, M., Ber street


Curriers and Leather Sellers—


Armes, Robert, St. Giles’ street
Beare, Samuel Shalders, Bridge street, h Town close
Blackburn, J. R., St. Stephen’s plain
Brooks, C., St. Stephen’s plain
Brooks, James, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Cooke, Edward, St. John’s Maddermarket
Curtis, William, St. Benedict’s street
Foulsham, Henry, White Lion street
Gooch, S. J., Davey place
Howell, James, Castle hill
Howell, William, Lower Goat lane
Mills, William, Golden Ball street
Page, George, St. Clement’s, h Unthank’s road
Page and Son, Magdalen street
Rudd and Paston, St. Giles’ hill
Sidney and Armes, Dove street
Steel, James, Magdalen street
Thompson, Thomas, Orford hill
Tillyard and Howlett, Pottergate street
Woods, George John, St. Gregory’s Church Alley


Cutlers—


Allison, Sophia, Upper market
Branch, George, Golden Ball street
Hewitt, William, St. Giles’ street
Huggins, John, Rising Sun lane
Lister, Son and Co., Haymarket
Pearson, James, St. Andrew’s hill
Sawyer and Company, Upper London street
Scott, James, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Sutton, Samuel, Royal Hotel street
Taylor, George, Upper St. Giles’ street


Dentists—


Boulger, Joseph P., Willow lane
Bridgman, William K., St. Giles’ street
Dunsford, James, St. Giles’
Gunton, Alfred, St. Giles’ street
Hay, William Post-office street
Hulme, John H., St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Neep, W. E. J., Post-office street
Suggett and Dunsford, St. Giles’ street
Waller, Robert, Rose lane
White, Richard, St. Giles’ street


Drapers—


Abbott, E. J., St. Stephen’s street
Aldrich, John, West Pottergate
Andrews, William, St. Stephen’s street
Armstrong, Henry, St. Andrew’s broad street
Austrin, Mrs. A., Orford hill
Betts, John, Market-place
Bishop, George, Haymarket
Blakely, Edward, Queen street
Blandon, William, Ber street
Caley, Nathaniel Henry, London street
Campling, William, Barrack street
Chamberlin, Sons, and Co., Market-place
Coleman, George Lovick, Market-place
Coleman and Sons, London street
Copeman, Bell, St. Gregory’s church alley
Cundall, B., Son, and Co., Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Delf and Co., Tombland
Edwards, W. P., St. Stephen’s street
English and Son, London street
Fairweather, Lydia, London street
Fiske, Francis Robert, London street
Flood, Harriet, St. Benedict’s street
Flower, Jonathan, Wensum street
Fraser, John, St. Benedict’s road
Gooderson and Moll, Upper market-place
Gowen, Jeremiah, St. Mary’s street
Hall, James, Regent street, Union place
Hemmant, George, Exchange street
Hipper, William, St. Benedict’s street
Henderson, John, St. Benedict’s road
Howard, Robert, New Catton
Huson, M. and Co., London street
Jackson, Joseph, All Saints’ green
Jones, Elizabeth, Briggs’ street
Kett, George, Lame Dog road
Kett, William, London street and Exchange street
Knevett, Jonathan, St. Benedict’s street
Newstead, William, Lower Goat lane
Pigot, Isabella, Bridge street
Piggott, John Henry, St. Stephen’s street
Piper, William, London street
Powell, Robert, Upper London street
Rackham, W. S., Unthank’s road
Reid, Samuel, St. Andrew’s hall plain
Scarles, Francis, Ber street
Smith, George, Ber street
Snowdon, John, Gentleman’s walk
Snowdon and Sons, Bridge street
Stocks, Alfred Joseph, Briggs’ street
Sutton, Henry, St. Augustine’s street
Thorsby, Robert, St. Stephen’s gates
Tillyard, Rebecca, Magdalen street
Towler, Hannah, Fye bridge
Watering, John, St. Stephen’s street
Willis, George Edward, Heigham street


Dyers—


Allen, Bryant, Scoles’ green
Blyth, Edwin A., Sussex street, St. Augustine’s
Brown, Sarah, Tombland
Carter, John, All Saints’ street
Cattermole, William, St. Andrew’s hill
Culyer, Thomas, St. Augustine’s street
Fish and Son, Lower Westwick street
Fletcher, Ann, Quay side
Furse, Maria, Gildengate street
Gedge, Frederic, St. Benedict’s
Groom, George, Brazen Doors road
Harper, George, Calvert street
Harper, Joseph, Bridge street
Houghton, David, St. Giles’
Houghton, James, Ten Bell lane
Jay, Joshua, Bethel street
King, Alfred, Tinkler’s lane
Metcalf, Francis, Colegate street
Peel, Edward, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Stark and Co., Duke’s Palace bridge
Ulph, William, St. Margaret’s


Engravers and Copperplate Printers—


Bayliss, Henry, Pottergate street
Coote, George M., Hay hill
Dallinger, Joseph, Davey place
Hall, William E., Back-of-the-Inns
Marrison, Robert, Orford hill
Ninham, Henry, Chapel Field


Engineers, &c.—


Benest, T. S., St. Andrew’s Hall plain
Blyth, R. J. and Co., Ber street
Campling, James, Pump street
Holmes and Son, Globe lane
Slack, Thomas, St. Giles’ hill
Smithdale, Thomas, St. Faith’s lane
Sparke and Co., Thorn lane
Watts, Riches, and Buck, Rose lane


Fishmongers—


Augood, Henry, Rising Sun lane
Bagshaw, George, St. Miles’ street
Bagshaw, Joseph, St. Stephen’s street
Baldwin, John, Fishmarket
Barnard, John, Fye bridge
Blyth, J. N., St. Benedict’s street
Browne, Thomas, Fishmarket
Butcher, John, Ber street
Campling, John, Magdalen street
Clayton, George, Fishmarket
Dack, Jonathan, Fishgate street
Garner, Francis, Cowgate street
George, John, St. Benedict’s street
Gurney, Francis, St. Paul’s street
Hare, William, Upper market
Hurrell, William, Magdalen street
Jay, Charles, Fishmarket
Moy, George, St. Benedict’s street
May, William, Cowgate street
Parker, Joshua, Fishmarket
Parker, Thomas, St. Stephen’s
Phillips, Francis, St. Catherine’s plain
Pratt, William, Fishmarket
Roundtree, Charles, Barrack street
Weavers, William, Fishmarket


Furriers—


Bayes, William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Brown and Edwards, Castle meadow
Fox, Joel, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Knight, Thomas, Castle meadow
Leist, Mrs. Harriet, William street
Potter, Thomas and Co., Gentleman’s walk, Market place
Thirkettle, Mrs. Harriet, St. Benedict’s road


Gas Fitters, &c.—


Boswell, John, St. Andrew’s hill
Leech, George, West Pottergate, Upper Goat lane
Pank, Abraham, Pottergate street
Pinson, Henry, Bank plain
Land, William, Hay hill
Self and Howes, Tombland
Self, Thomas, Pottergate street


Glass, China, and Earthenware Dealers—


Bean, Francis, Market-place
Creak, James Henry, Bridewell alley
Downing, Joseph, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Gill, John, St. Giles’ street
Hague, Francis, Charing cross
Hansell, Sarah, St. Augustine’s street
Hardiment, Jarvis, St. Benedict’s street
Lovick and Company, Bridewell alley
Meadows, Cornelius, Magdalen street
Meadows, George, Westlegate street
Murrell, James, Chapel Field road
Onley, Daniel, Brazen Doors road
Smith, William, Rampant Horse back street
Woodhouse, Joshua, Magdalen street
Yates, William and Company, Upper Davey place


Glovers and Glove Manufacturers—


Asker, Jane H., Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Boughton, Samuel, Red Lion street
Cubitt, Thomas, St. Augustine’s
Mills, William, Golden Ball street
Oxley, Richard, London street
Seago and Sons, St. John’s Maddermarket
Theobald and Son, London street
Tomlinson, Robert, Castle street


Green Grocers and Fruiterers—


Ames, Francis, St. Benedict’s road
Bancalari, Dominico, Ber street
Blyth, Sarah, St. Miles’ street
Browne, Robert, Botolph street
Browne, Thomas, King street
Bullen, William, Golden Ball street
Bullard, Robert, Swan lane
Burch, Conrade, West End street
Burrell, William, Cowgate street
Butler, James, St. Catherine’s plain
Chapman, Luke, St. Benedict’s road
Clarke, Ann, Ber street
Cohen, Phillip, Swan lane
Cousins, James, St. Benedict’s street
Dady, Daniel, St. Stephen’s street
Dann, James, Magdalen street
Dann, James, Quay side
Denny, John, Union street, Union place
Drake, John, Ber street
Ellis, Samuel, St. Martin’s at Oak
Engall, Joseph, St. Augustine’s street
Fair, Thomas, Bishopgate street
Farrow, Thomas, Union place
Francis, Thomas, St. John’s Timberhill
Freeman, Charles Robert, Upper King street
Fuller, Nathaniel, Ber street
Gardner, Thompson, Upper St. Giles’ street
Gasely, James, Lower Westwick street
Goose, Jacob, Rising Sun lane
Graver, Abraham, Magdalen street
Hansell, William, Church street, Union place
Hardiment, Eleanor, St. Martin’s lane
Harmer, James, St. Stephen’s street
Harris, James, Ber street
Hawes, Edward, St. Paul’s street
Hindle, Thomas, Ber street
Houghton, Henry, St. Giles’ street
Howes, William, Cowgate street
Jermy, Jeremiah, Pottergate street
Larkman, William, St. Augustine’s str.
Mansey, Robert, St. Benedict’s street
Newton, William, Swan lane
Parr, James, King street
Peel, James, Magdalen street
Pond, Margaret, Ber street
Pratt, George, Wellington terrace, Union place
Rape, William, Rising Sun lane
Sawter, Peter, St. Paul’s street
Slipper, Elizabeth, Grove place, New Lakenham
Sloper, John, Queen street
Staff, Charles, Ber street
Steward, Mary, St. Benedict’s street
Suttell, Henry, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Tattam, Richard, Lady’s lane
Taylor, George, Rose lane
Tibbs, Frederic, Globe street, Union place
Tooke, George S., Prince’s street
Turner, William, St. James’ street
Ward, Elizabeth, St. Benedict’s street
Watcham, Thomas, Heigham street
White, Richard, Palace street
Whittaker, William, King street


Grocers and Tea dealers—


Aldous, James, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Aldrich, John, West Pottergate
Aldridge, John, Church street, New Lakenham
Allington, John (late Diver), Upper walk, Market-place
Avey, Thomas, Ber street
Back and Co., Haymarket
Bateman and Co., London street and Swan lane
Bealby, Robert, William street
Beecheno, Frederic R., Upper London street
Belding, William, Magdalen street, h New Catton
Bell, Michael, Ber street
Bennett and Bream, Upper market
Betts, John, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Bilham, Charles, Colegate street
Blandon, William, Ber street
Boardman, Alfred, Davey place, h Upper Surrey street
Boardman Brothers, Cundall’s court, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Boardman, James Theobald, Newmarket Road
Bream, Charles John, Upper Market-place
Brighten, Charles, St. Stephen’s gates
Brown, Henry, Gentleman’s walk
Browne, Hill, Ber street
Browne, Samuel, St. Martin at Palace
Bunn, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street
Burrage, Susanna, Little Orford street
Butcher, Robot, Bank plain
Carter, Edward, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Carver, Rebecca, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Castley, Thomas Godfrey, St. Stephen’s street
Caston, James, St. Benedict’s street
Chamberlin, James, Post-office street
Chase, Charles, Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Colman, Henry, Market-place
Coman, Thomas, John, and Henry, St. Benedict’s street
Copeman and Sons, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Cubitt, James, King street
Curtis, George, Thorpe hamlet
Dawson, James, Wellington terrace, Union place
De Carle, James J., West Wymer street
Doughty, Thomas, King street
Duffield, George, St. Mary’s street
Dunham, John, Trory street, New Lakenham
Durrant, Henry, Ber street
Durrant, Rebecca, Church street
Eagle, John, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Empson, Samuel, New Catton
Fenn, Robert, Magdalen street
Fisher, James Cracknell, St. Stephen’s street
Fisher, Robert, St. Augustine’s street
Fisher, Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Forster, Thomas, West Pottergate
Freeman, Charles Robert, Upper market and Exchange street
Freeman and Nash, Upper market
Galey, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street
Garnham, William, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Gill, James, Lower Westwick street
Goggs, William, Upper St. Giles’
Goldsmith, James, St. Stephen’s street
Grant, Henry, Grove place, St. Giles’ road
Greene, Charles, J., Rose lane
Haddon, Mary Ann, Rose lane
Hannah, Peter, Pottergate street
Hannant, Richard, Rose corner
Hardesty, George, Charing cross
Hardy, James, Rampant Horse street
Harrison, John, Globe street, Union place
Harrison, Robert, Elm hill
Hemnell, Johnson, Rose lane
Herring, Henry, King street
Hicks, William, Bridge street
High, George, New Catton
Hill, John, St. Augustine’s street
Hill, John, Cowgate street
Hill, John, Heigham street
Hill, John, Gildengate street
Hill, John, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Hodds, Catherine, Ber street
Howard, Robert, New Catton
Howes and Son, Lower Goat lane
Howlett, Thomas, St. Swithin’s
Hutton, John, corner of Briggs’ street
Jeckells, George, Ber street gates
Kemp, Mary, Golden Dog lane
King, George, West Pottergate
Kitton, George, Haymarket
Lake, William, Surrey corner, St. Stephen’s street
Lambert, Francis, Lower Goat lane
Lammas Brothers, and Co., Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Love, Ebenezer, Whitefriars’ street
Lowe, Alfred, Holl’s lane
Mann, Joseph, St. Benedict’s road
Mayhew, George, Heigham road
Mc’Michael, Daniel, Valentine street
Mitchell, Frederic Gavell, Palace street, Tombland
Monney, James, Bethel street
Moore, Joseph, Magdalen street
Morter, Robert, Rupert street, Union place
Munday, Thomas, Mill lane, New Catton
Muskett, James, St. Benedict’s road
Neale, James Frederic, St. Andrew’s hall plain
Neeve, F., St. Stephen’s street
Newson and Company, Magdalen street
Nightingale, Robert Wilson, St. Stephen’s street
Norton, Robert, Fye bridge
Page, Charlotte, Bridge street
Pratt, William, Wensum street
Pulham, William, St. Mary’s plain
Pye, William M., St. Augustine’s str.
Quantrill, Sarah, Union place
Read, William D., White Lion street
Rein, Frederick, King street
Rose, John, Golden Ball street
Rouse, Harriet, St. Stephen’s street
Rout, George, Cowgate street
Rudd, Thomas, Golden Ball street
Rudd, Thomas, King street
Rust, Robert, West Wymer street
Scrutton, Henry, Bethel street
Sexton, Mary Ann, King street
Shields, Daniel, Golden Ball street
Sidney and Ladyman, Gentleman’s Walk, Market-place
Snelling, Thomas, Magdalen street
Spinks, James, St. Augustine’s street
Spooner, Edward Frederic, St. Margaret’s plain
Springall, James, Tombland
Stevens, Adelaide, Unthank’s road
Stonex, James, Tinkler’s lane
Taylor, W. B., St. Stephen’s street
Temple, Robert, Ber street
Thompson, Joseph, White Lion street
Thornsby, Robert, St. Stephen’s gates
Tidd, Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Tills, Benjamin, Magdalen street
Tooke, Michael, Ber street
Turrell, James, Ber street
Walker, Frederic, St. Martin’s at Oak
Wolton and Co., London street
Warner, Walter Waite, St. Benedict’s street
Watson, James, Prospect House, St. Augustine’s road
Websdale, James, King street
Whittrick, James, West Pottergate str.
Wicks, Robert, Ber street
Wild, Edward, Haymarket, and High street, Wandsworth, London
Williams, Josiah, Swan lane
Williams, Josiah, Globe street, Union place
Youngs, John, West End street


Gun and Pistol makers—


Cartwright, Henry, Rampant Horse str.
Jeffries, George, Golden Ball street
Marrison, Robert, Orford street


Haberdashers, Hosiers, and Lacemen—


Abbott, E. J., St. Stephen’s street
Asker, Jane H., Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Austrin, Mrs. A., Orford hill
Barker, George, Thorpe hamlet
Brown, A. H., London street
Browne and Barker, London street
Edwards, W. P., St. Stephen’s street
Jones, Mrs. E., Briggs’ street
Kent, Henry, London street
Lovick and Johnson, London street
Moore and Company, Castle street
Oxley, Richard, London street
Parker, James, St. Catherine’s plain
Piper, William, London street
Ringer, Mrs., Gentleman’s Walk
Smith, William, Lower Goat lane
Theobald and Son, London street
Tomlinson, Robert, Castle street
Tubb, W. H. London street


Hairdressers—


Amis, Benjamin, St. Catherine’s plain
Bailey, John, West Pottergate street
Barnaby, S., St. James’ street
Betts, Thomas, Pottergate street
Bilby, William, Pitt street
Boughton, Samuel, Red Lion street
Bullen, William, Golden Ball street
Buttifant, David, Golden Ball street
Castle, William, Upper market
Dew, Britiffe Edward, King street
Dunn, Samuel, Magdalen street
Edwards, Edward M., Upper London street
Fairman, William, Barrack street
Foulsham, William, Bridge street
Gedge, William, St. Benedict’s street
Gedge, William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Gerard, William, Botolph street
Girdlestone, Reuben, Upper St. Giles’ street
Gray, James, Bethel street
Hallows, Joseph, Royal Hotel street
Harmer, Elizabeth, Ber street
Hartley, William, Little Orford street
Hill, Robert, Red Lion street
Holmes, Robert, Palace plain
Kew, Flora and Charlotte, White Lion street
Kemp, George P., Exchange street
Lincolne, Morris, New Lakenham
Lofty, James, St. George’s plain
Mason, Henry, Ber street
Middleton, Edward, St. Giles’ street
Moore, Isaac, St. Giles’ hill
Moore, James, Ber street
Moore, William, Ber street
Nunn, John, St. Augustine’s street
Plumstead, Robert, Wensum street
Plumstead, Frederick, Magdalen street
Powell, John, St. Benedict’s street
Randall, Thomas, Vauxhall street, Union place
Ray, John A., Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Riches, Edward, Pottergate street
Riches, Robert, St. John’s Timberhill
Stigles, Daniel, Fishgate street
Thorpe, William, St. Stephen’s street
Turner, Robert, Trowse Millgate
Tyzack, W. V., Upper London street
Ward, Charles, Bethel street
Webster, John, Ber street
Wilding, Henry, Upper London street
Youells, William, St. Catherine’s plain


Hatters—


Armstrong, William, St. Benedict’s road
Bayes, Elizabeth and Sons, Red Lion street
Beatley and Son, London street
Betts, John, Market-place
Bond, William, Upper London street
Browne and Barker, London street
Burrage and Jeffries, Davey place
Dye, M. and W., Bank plain
English, Joseph, Upper London street
Fraser, John, St. Benedict’s road
Grand, George, London street
Henderson, John, St. Benedict’s road
Livock, William Thomas, London str.
Mallett, Francis Charles, London street
Norton, Francis James, Back of the Inns
Oxley, Richard, London street
Phillips, John, Orford hill
Potter, Thomas and Co., Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Riches and Skoyles, Davey place
Steward, James, Tombland
Tomlinson, Robert, Castle street
Tuck, James, Lower Goat lane
Womack, George, White Lion street and Davey place
Vincent, James, Red Lion street


Horse-breakers—


Abel, John, Rising Sun road
Andrews, William, Westlegate street
Feek, William, St. Giles’ road


House and Estate Agents—


Andrews, Richard, Lame Dog road
Bardwell, George S., Newmarket road
Browne, William, St. Andrew’s broad street
Campling, James, Golden Ball street
Horne, John, Castle hill
Ives, George, Upper King street
Johnson, Robert, Gun lane
Leath, Thomas, William street
Roach, Edward, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Sheppard, Robert, St. Benedict’s plain
Shipley, William, Chapel field road
Stacey, Edward, Orford hill


Hotels, Inns, and Taverns—


Adam and Eve, Howes Robert Harvey, Tabernacle street
Adam and Eve, Lawn William, St. Benedict’s street
Adelphi Inn, Browne John, White Lion street
Albert Tavern, Coleman Samuel, Ber street
Albion Tavern, Bowen Sarah, Heigham street
Albion Tavern, Cushing William, Market-place
All Saints’ Tavern, Payne John, All Saints’ green
Alma Tavern, Bush Rebecca, Cow hill
Anchor, Cannon Goss William Shepherd, Rising Sun lane
Anchor, Thompson John, Silver road
Anchor, Turner Joseph, Surrey street
Anchor of Hope, Digby Richard, Bracondale
Anchor Tavern, Osborn Charles, Ten Bell lane
Angel, Harris William, Trowse Millgate
Angel, Palmer Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Arabian Horse, Widdows Mark, St. Martin’s at Oak
Arabian Horse, Daynes John, New Lakenham
Bakers’ Arms, Betts John, St. Mary’s street
Bakers’ Arms, Gooch William, Lower Westwick street
Bakers’ Arms, Pegg Thomas, New Catton
Bakers’ Arms, Ives John, Ber street
Balloon Tavern, Crowe Edward, St. Margaret’s
Bank Tavern, Surflin William, Bank street
Barge, Huggins Charles, King street
Bartholomew Tavern, Thouless William, Thorn lane
Barley Mow, King Henry, Haymarket
Bath House, Hughes William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Bear inn, Ames Robert, Market-place
Beehive, Butler John, Palace plain
Beehive, Green William, St. Paul’s Church plain
Beehive, Havers James Reynolds, St. Stephen’s street
Beehive, Payne Simon, Cowgate street
Beehive, Rackham John, St. Benedict’s street
Bell, Mills Mary Ann, Lower Goat lane
Bell Commercial and Family Hotel, Murnane John, Orford hill and Cattle
market
Bess of Bedlam, Baker James, St. Martin’s at Oak
Bird in Hand, Taylor William James, New Catton
Bird in Hand, Ward William, Barrack street
Black Boys, Clayton Thomas, Barrack street
Black Boys, Mackley Thomas, Colegate street
Black Chequers, Radford William, Cowgate street
Black Eagle, Dawson James, Wellington terrace, Union place
Black Horse, Gapp John Smith, St. Giles’ Road
Black Horse inn, Moll Robert, St. Giles’
Black Swan Tavern, Dean Alfred, Upper market
Boarded House inn, Knights Susannah, Castle meadow
Boar’s Head inn, Figg George, Surrey street
Boatswains’ Call, Burton William, St. Augustine’s street
Bowling Green hotel, Porter James William, Theatre street
Boy and Cup, Root Robert, Pottergate street
Brazen Doors Tavern, Moore George, Lame Dog road
Brewers’ Arms, Nobbs Edward, St. Miles’ street
Bricklayers’ Arms, Legood James, Castle hill
Bricklayers’ Arms, Powell Edward, Union place
Bricklayers’ Arms, Pye Robert, Pottergate street
Brickmakers’ Arms, Orford William, Brazen Door’s road
Bridge House inn, Tidman Robert, Thorpe hamlet
Bridge Tavern, Lovick Thomas, Wensum street
Briton’s Arms, Carr Charles, Elm hill
Buff Coat, Wells William, Buff Coat lane
Builders’ Arms, Fitt George, Pottergate street
Bullock and Butcher, Colby Samuel, Grapes hill
Bulls Head inn, Walter Robert S., Ber street
Bull hotel, Hart Bartholomew, Upper walk, Market-place
Bull inn, Shorten James, Magdalen street
Bull Inn, Thurston Daniel, St. Stephen’s street
Bushel, Gidney Samuel, St. Augustine’s street
Cabinet-makers’ Arms, Fiddeman Robt., Redwell street
Cardinal Cap, Walker George, St. Benedict’s street
Carpenters’ Arms, Wyatt John, Thorn lane
Carrow inn, Drane Henry, King street gates
Castle Commercial Hotel, Taylor Mary, Castle meadow
Cattle Market, English Richard, Castle hill
Cat and Fiddle, Platten John, Magdalen street
Catherine Wheel, Digby Peter, St. Augustine’s street
Cellar House inn, Carr William, Bridge street
Cellar House, Pigg James, Barrack street
Champion, Barnard Charles, Chapel Field road
Cherry Tree, Hardy William, Gildengate street
Cherry Tree, Youngs William, New Lakenham
Church and State, Sacker James, St. Benedict’s street
City Arms and spirit vaults, Howes George Smith, St. Andrew’s Hall plain
City of Norwich inn, Green John, St. Stephen’s plain
Coach and Horses, Cattermole David, Thorpe hamlet
Coach and Horses, Daynes Robert, Bethel street
Coach and Horses, Foulsham Thomas, Red Lion street
Coach and Horses, Smith Edward, Fountain place, Union place
Coachmakers’ Arms, Archer Elizabeth, St. Stephen’s gates
Coachmakers’ Arms, Clements Charlotte, Bethel street
Coachmakers’ Arms, Stafford Phœbe, Red Lion street
Cock, Battram William, Old Lakenham
Cock, Bidwell Joseph, Upper King street
Cock inn, Blanchflower William, Upper St. Giles’
Combers’ Arms, Arle John, Magdalen street
Cork-cutters’ Arms, Robinson John, Bridge street, St. Andrew’s
Corn Exchange tavern, Brown Rose Ann, Little London street
Cottage, Waterton Edward, Silver road
Cow, Mackley John, Barrack street
Cow and Hare, Armes William, Heigham street
Cow tavern, Cooper Samuel, Cow hill
Cricketers’ Arms, Hunt John Edwin, Red Lion street
Crocodile, Harding Levi, Heigham street
Crooked Billet, Davison John, Heigham
Cross Keys, Pratt John, Magdalen street
Crown and Angel, Daynes Maria, St. Stephen’s street
Crown inn, Emms William, St. John’s Timberhill
Crown tavern, Hart F., St. Stephen’s street
Crown, Middleton Jeremiah, Bridge str.
Crown and Anchor, Ryan Mary, Gildengate street
Crown inn, Petchell William, Saint Benedict’s street
Cupid and Bow, Matthews William, Palace plain
Curriers’ Arms, Beeton Samuel, Saint Giles’ street
Curriers’ Arms, Drane William, St. Stephen’s back street
Curriers’ Arms, Lawton William, Union street, Crook’s place
Curriers’ Arms, Nicholas William, Pottergate street
Dial, Burdett Jonathan, St. Benedict’s road
Dog, Wigger John, St. Paul’s Church plain
Dove tavern, Ellis Benjamin, Lower Westwick street
Dove, Lamercon Francis, St. James’ street
Dreadnought, Buttle Henry, King street gates
Drovers’ inn, Jarvis William, Trowse Millgate
Drum, Holmes Edmund, St. Swithin’s
Duke of Marlborough, Howard Wm., Fishgate street
Duke of Norfolk, Drake Priscilla, Church street, New Lakenham
Duke’s Palace inn, Snowling John, Duke’s Palace road
Duke of Sussex, Stangroom John, St. Augustine’s street
Duke tavern, Elliott George, Tombland
Duke of Wellington, Newby James, Pottergate street
Duke of Wellington, Parsley John Roberts, Union place
Duke of York, Coldham John, Thorpe hamlet
Duke of York, Nobbs Henry, Lower Westwick street
Duncan Arms, Burrows William, Magdalen street
Dyers’ Arms, Freeman Samuel, Quay side
Eagle and Child Brewery, Phillips John, Golden Ball street
Eagle tavern, Cattermole James, Newmarket road
Eagle tavern, High George, West Pottergate
Eagle tavern, Lord James, Lower Westwick street
Eagle tavern, Minns Susannah, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Earl of Leicester, Bunting James, Brazen Doors road
Eastern Counties’ Railway tavern, Warnes Elizabeth, Foundry bridge
East End Retreat, Buttle Henry, Thorpe hamlet
Eastern Union Railway tavern, Wilde Matthew, St. Stephen’s gates
Eight Ringers, Cunningham Thomas, St. Mary’s street
Elm tavern, Rust Robert, Prince’s street
Elm tavern, Spencer Robert, New Catton
Elephant, Easton Haylett, Magdalen street
Exchange tavern, Mills John, Bridge street
Exmouth tavern, Mackney Charles, St. Stephen’s street
Express Train, Hatch William Proctor, Rose lane
Factory, Miller John, Cowgate street
Fair Flora, Moore John, Lower Westwick street
Fellmongers’ Arms, Thornton Christopher, St. Martin’s at Oak
Fishmongers’ Arms, Burgess Richard, Fish market
Foresters’ Arms, Attle Samuel, Ber street
Fortune of War, Gooch Thomas, Calvert street
Foundry Bridge, Riches William Smith, Rose lane
Fountain, Dabbage James, St. Benedict’s street
Fox and Hounds, Cooke John, Ber street
Flying Dutchman, Harman Adam, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Free Trade tavern, Atkins Henry, St. Augustine’s street
Free Trade tavern, Page James, Rose lane
Free Trade tavern, Rice James, William street
Freeman’s Arms, Burrell Thomas, Church street, St. Miles’
Freemasons’ Arms, Sands John, Hall lane, New Lakenham
French Horn, Betts Thomas, Pottergate street
Gardeners’ Arms, Chapman Philip, Tinkler’s lane
Gardeners’ Arms, Cooper Thomas, St. John’s Timberhill
George inn, Warner Henry, Hay hill
George inn, Leamon William, Saint Stephen’s street
George the Fourth, Decks John, Ber street
George the Fourth, Martin John, Chapel street, Crook’s place
George and the Dragon, Adams Wm., Cowgate street
Globe inn, Bush Thomas, Globe street, Union place
Globe, Moore John, Rising Sun lane
Goat, Wright James, Upper Goat lane
Goldbeaters’ Arms, Lasker Mary Ann, Bethel street
Golden Ball, Girling William, Golden Ball street
Golden Can, Milnes Charles, Gildengate street
Golden Can, Yellop Robert, Saint Andrew’s Broad street
Golden Fleece, Blazey Walter, Fishgate street
Golden Lion, Mann George, King street gates
Golden Lion Inn, Snelling Daniel French, St. John’s Maddermarket
Golden Wheatsheaf, Woods Robert John, St. Stephen’s street
Goose and Gridiron, Thorn Robert, Little Orford street
Grapes Commercial and Family hotel, Clarke James, Upper St. Giles’
Grapes, Mace Mary Ann, Church street, St. Miles’
Green Dragon, Balls James, Little London street
Greenland Fishery, Durrant Zechariah, St. Mary’s street
Greyhound inn, Cawdron Henry, Rampant Horse street
Griffin, Thompson Martin, Barrack street
Half Moon, Brazell Richard, Upper Market
Half Moon, Howes Henry, King street
Hay Trussers, Fountain Mary Ann, King street
Hen and Chickens, Fenn Thomas, St. Mary’s plain
Hoop, Amies John, St. Stephen’s road
Hope Brewery, Warner Edward, Saint Saviour’s lane
Hop Pole tavern, Chapman Daniel, St. Faith’s lane
Horse and Groom, Bacon David, Castle street
Horseshoes, Girdlestone Thomas, Palace street
Hospital School Boy, Laws John, Whitefriars’ street
Imperial Arms, Smith George, Upper King street
Jack of Newbury, Upcroft James, Magdalen street
John Bull, Garrard George, Crook’s Place
Jolly Brewers, Campling Jacob, Magdalen street
Jolly Butcher, Dambrooke John, Ber street
Jolly Dealers, Francis George, Castle hill
Jolly Dressers, Burrows Mary, Saint George’s plain
Jolly Dyers, Moore Elizabeth, Wensum street
Jolly Dyers, Moore John, Fishgate street
Jolly Farmers, Casson Daniel, Charing cross
Jolly Farmers, Pooley Robert, Castle hill
Jolly Hatters, Minns Robert, Cowgate street
Jolly Maltsters, Dunch Denmark, Cowgate street
Jolly Millers, Carver William, Trowse Millgate
Jolly Skinners, Farman Henry, Saint Martin’s at Oak
Jubilee inn, Boyles Robert, Ber street
Keel and Wherry, Cooper Jeremiah, King street
Key and Castle, Porter Thomas, Saint Martin’s at Oak
King’s Arms, Jolly John, Hall lane, New Lakenham
King’s Arms, Dawson James, Thorpe hamlet
King’s Arms, Tidman George, Bethel street
King’s Arms, Yaxley Henry, Saint Augustine’s street
King’s Head, Bassey Robert, Magdalen street
King’s Head, Diver Isaac, Gildengate street
King’s Head, Doughty Richard, Davey place
King’s Head, Rix Robert, Upper St. Giles’
King of Prussia, May William, Ipswich road
Lamb inn, Websdale Francis, Haymarket
Lame Dog, Edwards Robert, Lame Dog road
Light Horseman, Kent Thomas, Barrack street
Light Horseman, Ringer Edwards, Westlegate street
Light Horseman, Tuffs William, Botolph street
Little Buck, Rudd Elizabeth, St. Martin’s at Oak
Little Tuns, Nobbs John, Rising Sun road
Lock and Key, Bell Matthew, Ber street
Locomotive, Skipper William, Norfolk street, Union place
London Coffee House, Sapey Thomas, Rampant Horse street
London Steam Packet inn, Blanch John, St. Catherine’s plain
Lord Nelson Tavern, Salmon, C. J., West Pottergate
Lord Howe, Laws Lubbock, Saint Benedict’s street
Lord John Russell, Betts Charles, St. Benedict’s road
Lord Nelson inn, Murrell William, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Lord Raglan, Boyce James, Barrack street
Maid’s Head hotel, Webster William, Wensum street
Mariners’ tavern, Stafford Robert, Mariners’ lane
Market Lane tavern, Bristol Mary, Market lane
Marquis of Granby, Puxley James, Bishopgate street
Marquis of Granby, Waytes Philip, Barrack street
Mazeppa, Cutmore William Thomas, Cowgate street
Masonic tavern, Willgress Peter John, Elm hill
Mill tavern, Dover Charles, New Catton
Millwrights’ Arms, Towlson John, Julian street
Mischief tavern, Matthew Joseph, St. Paul’s back lane
Mitre tavern, Salter William, Briggs’ street, Rampant Horse street
Moon and Stars, Williams Mary Ann, Duke’s Palace road
Morgan’s Cellar House, Wood George, King street
Napier tavern, Hinchley Samuel, Castle hill
Nelson inn, Phillips William, St. John’s Timberhill
Nelson tavern, Rainbird Francis, Upper market
Nelson, Rose James, King street
Nelson tavern, Staff Frederic, Pottergate street
New City, Moore Norris, King street, Crook’s place
New Inn, Winter Thomas, St. Augustine’s road
New Inn Brewery, Pierce William, Grapes hill
New Mills, Larkman Robert, St. Benedict’s
New Star, Buttle Richard, Quay side
Norfolk Hotel, Foster Augustus and Son, St. Giles’ street
Norfolk and Norwich Chop House, Bloomfield George, Upper market
Norfolk Railway House, near the Eastern Counties’ Railway station, Nash
R. S., Foundry bridge
Norwich-a-Port tavern, Williams Henry, King street gates
Norwich Arms, Pegg George, Ber str.
Odd Fellows’ Arms, Eke Francis, Ber street
Old Barge, Nockolds Thomas, King street
Old Cat and Fiddle, Bell John, Botolph street
Old Crown, Calver French John, St. Martin’s at Oak
Old Friends, Nichols John, Ber street
Old Goat tavern, Goat Charles, Upper Goat lane
Old Star, Spratt Stephen, Quay side
Oliver Cromwell, Pye William, St. Miles’ street
Palace tavern, Price John, Tombland
Paul Pry, Paston William, St. Giles’
Peacock, Colman James, St. Stephen’s plain
Perseverance tavern, Burgess Richard, St. Martin’s at Oak
Pheasant Cock, Mills Jeremiah, St. Miles’ street
Pheasant Cock, Blake James, St. Catherine’s plain
Phœnix brewery, Sursham John, Magdalen street
Pig and Whistle, Self John, St. Stephen’s back street
Pigeons, Hague Francis, St. Benedict’s street
Pelican, Wade Thomas, Pitt street
Plasterers’ Arms, Burrage William, Cowgate street
Plough, Coe Mark, Castle hill
Plough, Cooper William, St. Benedict’s street
Plumbers’ Arms, Hewing Joseph, Prince’s street
Portland Arms, Brett Elethea, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Post-Office tavern, Thurlow William, Post-office street
Prince of Wales, Ostler Charles, Pump street
Prince of Wales’ Feathers, Canner John, St. Benedict’s street
Prince of Wales, Delph William, St. Augustine’s street
Princess Royal, Cunningham William, Rampant Horse street
Prospect House, Watson James, Philadelphia
Punch and Chop house, Dawson William, Upper market
Queen Adelaide, Arms Daniel, West End street
Queen Adelaide, Marshall Joseph, Pitt street
Queen’s Arms, Pye Jabez, Pump street
Queen Ann, Raven Edward, Church street
Queen’s Arms, Minns John, Magdalen street
Queen Caroline, Love William, Cowgate street
Queen Caroline, Osborne Harriet, St. Martin’s at Oak
Queen’s Head, Fox Isaac, St. Giles’ street
Queen’s Head, Dunn James, Quay side
Queen of Hungary, Clarke William, St. Benedict’s street
Queen Victoria inn, Brown William, Magdalen street
Queen Victoria, Gooch Isaac, Queen street, Crook’s place
Queen Victoria, Roe Charlotte, Pottergate street
Railway inn, Wilson James, Trowse Millgate
Rainbow tavern, Lock Elizabeth, Holl’s lane
Rainbow, Thwaites John, King street
Rampant Horse Commercial and Family hotel, Louth Robert, Rampant Horse
street
Rampant Horse, Norton Henry, Fishgate street
Raven, Rowland Daniel, King street
Recruiting Sergeant, Crancher John, Ber street
Red House, Butcher Walter Wilton, St. John’s Timberhill
Red Lion, Howard Thomas, Bishopgate street
Red Lion, Hewitt George, Red Lion street
Red Lion, Morris George, Magdalen street
Red Lion, Howe John Carter, Magdalen street
Red Lion, Onley Daniel, Brazen Doors road
Reindeer tavern, Kerridge John, St. Benedict’s road
Richmond Hill inn, Youngs Peter, Bracondale
Rifleman, Cuddon Ann, All Saints’ green
Rising Sun, Playford William, Rising Sun lane
Rising Sun, Abel John, Rising Sun road
Robin Hood, Dawes Larrance, St. Benedict’s road
Robin Hood, Spooner Edward, Barrack street
Roebuck, Sadler John, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Rosary tavern, Sheedy Rachael, Thorpe hamlet
Rose and Crown, Gibbs Richard, Bishopgate street
Rose and Thistle, Arms Frederick Thomas, Barn road
Rose inn, Eaton Mary Ann, St. Stephen’s street
Rose tavern, Ram Robert, Palace street
Rose tavern, Burrell Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Rose tavern, Smith John Watson, Rose lane
Rose, Wall James, Cowgate street
Rose tavern, Florence, George, Thorn lane
Rose tavern, Seaton Mary Ann, St. Stephen’s street
Royal Oak, Browne Mary Ann, St. Augustine’s street
Royal Oak, Cooper Nathaniel, Heigham street
Royal Oak, Minford George, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Royal Oak, Cossey Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Royal Hotel, Heseltine James, Market place
Royal Standard, Wizker, Nicholas, Union place
Saracen’s Head inn, Wiggins John, St. Giles’ street
Sardinian tavern, Howard James, St. Stephen’s street
Saw Mills tavern, Clarke Sophia, Fishgate street
Sawyers, English Mark, St. Paul’s church plain
Seven Stars, Denmark William, Barrack street
Shakespeare tavern, Booth Thomas, Colegate street
Shakespeare tavern, Hollis Robert, Theatre street
Ship, Clarke John, Cowgate street
Ship inn, Pallant Robert, Thorn lane
Ship, Littlewood Ephraim, King street
Shirehall tavern, Ling Abraham, Castle hill
Shuttle, Atkins Thomas, Heigham street
Shuttle, Plunkett John, Saint Augustine’s street
Shoulder of Mutton, Carter James, St. Augustine’s street
Shoulder of Mutton, Beckham Benjamin, St. Stephen’s street
Shoulder of Mutton, Mann James, St. Andrew’s hill
Sir John Barleycorn, Mason John Leeds, Orford hill
Sir John Barleycorn, Bell John, Cowgate street
Somerset tavern, Leech John, Queen street, Crook’s place
Sons of Commerce, Gooch Henry James, Thorn lane
Southgate house, Brinkley James, Front row, New Lakenham
Saint Paul’s tavern, Severn Samuel, Cowgate street
Sportsman, Quinton William, Barrack street
St. John’s Head, Gent David, St. Miles’ street
Stag, Wigg Edward, St. Benedict’s
Stag’s Head, Hubbard Henry, Prince’s street
Star Commercial and Family hotel, Watson John, Haymarket
Steam Packet House, Grimes John, King street
Steam Packet, Hilling Mary, King street
Steam Packet, Thompson William King street
Suffolk Arms, Moore Elizabeth, St. Martin’s at Oak
Sun, Kemp James Samuel, Saint Mary’s street
Sun and Anchor, Thorpe Thomas, Edward, Colegate street
Surrey inn, Smith James, Grove place, New Lakenham
Surrey tavern, Scarlet Robert, Surrey road
Sussex Arms, Seeley John, Saint Augustine’s street
Swan, Tuddenham John, Cowgate street
Swan tavern, Tuddenham Edward, Swan lane
Swan hotel, Asker Eliza, Upper market
Swan, Kett George William, Magdalen street
Swan, Snelling Thomas, King street
Swiss Cottage tavern, Laws Robert, St. Benedict’s road
Ten Bells, Browne Henry, St. Benedict’s street
Theatre tavern, King Samuel, Bethel street
Three Compasses, Rix William, Upper King street
Three Kings, Riches John, St. Benedict’s
Three Pigeons, Newman Sarah, Fishgate street
Three Tubs, Ulph James, Barrack street
Three Tuns, Barber Sarah, King street
Three Turks, Codling Robert, Lower Westwick street
Tiger, Moy James, Fishgate street
Toper, Bryant Samuel, Thorn lane
Town-house tavern, Copland John, Saint Andrew’s hill
Trowel and Hammer, Spurling William, St. Stephen’s road
True Briton, Wright Thomas, New Catton
Trumpet Inn, Fuller Robert, St. Stephen’s street
Tuns tavern, Collett Robert George, Whitefriars’ street
Tuns tavern, Eastwood James, St. Miles’ street
Tunns inn, Kemp William, Rising Sun road
Tuns tavern, Cowan Charlotte, All Saints’ green
Turkey Cock, Swash Maria, Church street, Saint Simon’s
Two Brewers, Wallace James, Saint John’s Maddermarket
Two Brewers, Cubitt Thomas, Magdalen street
Two-necked Swan, Moore Eleanor, Upper market
Two-necked Swan, Thurling James, St. Stephen’s street
Two Quarts inn, Playford Arminger, St. George’s Bridge street
Two Quarts, Amies William, Pottergate street
Unicorn, Browne George, St. Stephen’s street
Unicorn, Easton Isaac, St. Mary’s plain
Vauxhall tavern, Willison Hannah, Julian place
Victoria tavern, Hammond John, Upper walk, Market place,
Victoria gardens, Blackbourne Wm. Berry, St. Stephen’s gates
Victory, Balls Frederic, Rampant Horse street
Waggon and Horses, Aylmer John, Tombland
Waggon and Horses, Willsea John, St. Miles’ street
Waterloo tavern, Smith Edward, Upper Market place
Waterman, Briggs John, St. Margaret’s plain
West-end Retreat, Barnes John Edward, Holl’s lane
Whalebone, Sexton Edward, New Catton
Wheatsheaf, Woods Robert John, St. Stephen’s street
Wheatsheaf inn, Cole Eliza, Castle hill
Wheatsheaf inn, Baxter Robert, Bethel street
White Hart, Drake Francis, St. Miles’ street
White Hart inn, Crickmore Henry, Upper market
Whitefriars’ tavern, Rily Francis, Whitefriars’ street
White Horse, Howman Samuel, Hay hill
White Horse, Stubbs George, St. Andrew’s broad street
White Horse inn, Mason William, Magdalen street
White Horse inn, Lacey William, Castle hill
White Horse, Rix William, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
White House, Coleman Timothy, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
White Lion, King George, Prince’s street
White Lion, Howman William, St. Martin’s at Oak
White Lion, Howes James, Magdalen street
White Lion, Crowe George, St. Benedict’s street
White Lion, Ives Elizabeth, Upper King street
White Lion inn, Bray Charles, White Lion street
White Lion, Hall William, St. Martin’s at Palace
White Rose inn, Browne Henry, Back of the Inns
White Swan, Wilson Robert, St. Benedict’s street
Wild Man inn, Beeton John, St. Andrew’s hill
William the Fourth, Cowan Charlotte, Gildengate street
William the Fourth, Fountain Henry, King street, Crook’s place
William the Fourth, Harper William, Second Cross street, Union place
William Tell, Kilburn William, Castle hill
Windsor Castle, Bullard William, Silver road
Wine Coopers’ Arms, Cooper Eliza, Lower Goat lane
Wine Coopers’ Arms, Emms Charles, Cross street, St. Giles’ road
Wine Cooper’s Arms, Bales Jonathan, St. Augustine’s street
Wine tavern, Blazeby Thomas, St. Benedict’s street
Wine tavern, Laws James, Upper St. Giles’
Wine Vaults, Kingdom Priscilla, Queen street, Crook’s place
Woolpack, Thrower Noah, Golden Ball street
Woolpack, Mann Matthew, St. Martin’s at Oak
Woolpack inn, Barnes Mary, Saint George’s plain
World’s-end, Drage William, World’s-end lane
Wrestlers, Fake John, St. James’ street
Yarmouth Arms, Snelling John, Upper market
York tavern, Eastaugh Mary, Castle meadow


Insurance Agents—


Athenæum Fire and Life Insurance Company, Tayler Francis George, Castle
meadow
Alliance Fire and Life Assurance Company, Brown Henry, Gentleman’s walk
Albion Life Assurance Company, Pigg Henry, London street
Church of England, Atkinson J. G., Post-office street
Colonial Life, Clowes Francis, St. Andrew’s hall plain
Clerical Medical and General, Cubitt George, Gentleman’s walk
Cambrian and Universal, Bardwell G. S., St. Stephen’s road
Economic (Life), Bolingbroke Horatio, St. Giles’ street
General Hail Storm Society, Forrester George, Upper close
General Fire and Life Assurance Society, Cubitt George, Gentleman’s walk,
Market-place
Hail Storm, Gilman, C. S., Fisher’s lane
Hill Life Assurance, Land Thomas, King street
Legal and Commercial Life Insurance Company, Copeman William, Gentleman’s
walk, Market-place
Manchester Fire Insurance Company, Copeman William, Gentleman’s walk
National Mercantile Life Assurance Society, Fletcher and Alexander,
Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
National Live Stock Insurance Association, Unity buildings, St. Giles’
str.
National Life Assurance Society, Goodwin Charles, Willow lane
National Economic Hail Storm Insurance Company, Unity buildings, St.
Giles’ street
Norwich Union Provident Society, Cubitt George, Gentleman’s walk,
Market-place
Norwich Union Fire and Life Insurance Society, Surrey street
Norwich Union Fire and Life Society, Forrester George, Upper close
Norwich Equitable Fire Assurance Society, Bank street; Skipper John
Norfolk Farmers’, Gilman C. S., Fisher’s lane
Norfolk and Norwich Economic Building Society, Unity buildings, St.
Giles’ street
People’s Provident, Bilby Thomas, St. Catherine’s plain
Provident Building Society, Buttifant Josiah, St. Andrew’s plain; h Cow
hill
Royal Insurance Company, Preston Arthur, Bank street
Rock Life Assurance Company, Harrod Mr., Bank street
Scottish Equitable, Clowes Francis, St. Andrew’s hall plain
Scottish Widows’ Fund Life Assurance Society, Hansell Henry, Upper close
Times Life Assurance Society, Copeman William, Gentleman’s walk,
Market-place
Travellers’ and Marine, Bilby Thomas, St. Catherine’s plain
Unity Fire Insurance Association, Unity buildings, St. Giles’ street
Unity Life Assurance Association, Unity buildings, St. Giles’ street
Unity Fire and Life, Bardwell G. S., St. Stephen’s road
United Patriots’ National Benefit Society, Bardwell G. S., St. Stephen’s
road


Iron and Brass Founders—


Barnard and Bishop, Calvert street and Norfolk Iron Works, St. Miles’
bridge
Barnes, John, St. Miles’ foundry
Blyth, Robert, Westlegate street
Blyth and Co., Ber street
Campling, James, Buff Coat lane and Golden Ball street
Holmes and Sons, Castle hill
Murrell, William, Crook’s place, St. Stephen’s square
Shalders, William, jun., Bank plain
Smithdale, Thomas, St. Ann’s foundry, St. Ann’s lane, King street
Sparke and Co., Thorn lane
Stevens, G. and W., Orford hill
Turner, James, Palace plain
Watts, Riches, and Buck, Rose lane


Ironmongers—


Baker and Hornor, Post-Office street
Barnard and Bishop, Gentleman’s walk
Barnard and Boulton, London street and Castle street
Bayfield and Son, Magdalen street
Blofield, Thomas, Bridewell alley
Browne, John and Son, Upper market
Burcham, Samuel, Charing cross
Buttifant, H. and J., William street, West Pottergate
Caprani and Co., White Lion street
Colman and Glendenning, Rampant Horse street
Cubitt, Samuel Durrant, Mitchell’s court, Market-place; h Victoria place
Howlett and Co., Haymarket
Hyams, Emanuel, St. Andrew’s hall plain
Leist, James, Wensum street
Lovitt Charles, Botolph street
Orams, Edward, Langham place, Dereham road
Parlour, Henry Edward, London street
Pinson, Henry, Bank plain
Piper and Pigg, London street
Ransome and Sims, Little Orford street
Stevens, G. and W., Orford hill
Thompson, R. and Son, Upper Davey place
Thorns, Robert, Exchange street
Wilkinson, Henry, St. Giles’ street
Woodyard and Co., St. Martin’s at Oak


Livery Stables—


Beddingfield, Nelson, Westlegate street
Cooke, Mrs. Pitt street, St. Mary’s
Feek, William, St. Giles’ road
Mayhew, James, Chapel field
Platten, Peter, Surrey Mews
Sword, John, Rose lane; h Bloomsbury place


Manufacturers—


Allen, George, St. Stephen’s street
Barber, J. L. and Co., St. Martin’s lane
Blake, E. and R. W., St. Edmund’s
Bolingbroke, C. and F., St. Clement’s
Clabburn, Sons and Crisp, Pitt street
Clarke, John, Calvert street
Enfield, William, Colegate street
Foot, Henry, Calvert street
Gardom, John W., Lower Westwick street
Geary, William, St. Augustine’s
Grout and Company, St. Benedict’s
Gunton, Thomas, St. Martin’s at Oak
Hinde, E. and F., Botolph street
Kiddle, Joshua, Calvert street
Middleton and Answorth, Calvert street
Press, William, and Breeze, Philip, Philadelphia
Priest, Richard, St. Giles’ street
Skelton, John, St. Martin’s Palace plain
Springfield, Son and Nephew, St. Martin’s lane
Stannard, Cubitt, St. George’s plain
Sultzer, John, St. Augustine’s street
Towler, Rowling and Allen, Elm hill and 46, Friday street, London
Willett, E., Nephew and Co., Pottergate street
Williams, Case, and Potter, Gildengate street
Williment, Richard, Calvert street


Merchants—


Barber, John and Sons, Haymarket
Bateman, John, Pottergate street
Boardman, Sursham, and Co., Wensum street
Browne, Frederick, King street
Browne, George A., Bracondale
Christie, T., St. Clement’s
Culley and Hart, Duke’s Palace road
De Vear and Philips, Davey place
Everett, Thomas, Bracondale
Gorell, Robert A., silk and cotton, Tudor cottage, Unthank’s road
Harmer, D. and Co., Duke’s palace
Hart, Charles, St. Giles’ street
Hawkes, Robert, (wool,) Willow lane
Leney, Samuel, Pottergate street
Mealing and Mills, Messrs., King street
Read, Thomas W., King street
Reynolds, Edward, Unthank’s road
Rivett and Harmer, Old Post Office court
Roe, John Chambers St. Giles’ road


Millers—


Read, T. W., Trowse
Reynolds, Joshua, St. Augustine’s road
Russell, William, Dereham road
Springfield, Benjamin, New Catton
Utting, Robert, Chapel Field road
Wells, William Harrison, New Mill yard, St. Swithin’s


Milliners and Dressmakers—


Andrews, Mrs. Emily, West Pottergate
Armes, Amelia, Surrey road
Bennett, Sarah, Botolph street
Bexfield, Christiana, Lady’s lane
Bird, Jane, St. John’s Timberhill
Bone, Elizabeth, Lady’s lane
Brighten, Maria, Bethel street
Browne, Maria, Bridge street
Bullen, Mary, London street
Clarke, Maria, St. Gregory’s Church alley
Clarke, Maria, Pottergate street
Cooke, Charlotte, St. Giles’ street
Cooper, Susannah, St. Giles’ hill
Dade, Charlotte, Swan lane
Davey, Jane, Upper St. Giles’
Edwards, Hannah, St. Stephen’s square
Elliot, E., Upper King street
Ford, Elizabeth, Pitt street
Goldspring, Mrs. E., William street
Gooding, Harriet, Red Lion street
Goose, Mrs., Briggs’ street
Goulder, Elizabeth, Magdalen street
Green, Ann, Post-office street
Green, Mary Ann, Colegate street
Hardesty, Mrs., Duke street
Hall, Mrs. Lucia, William street
Howard, Ann, Theatre street
Hurn, Miss E., Bank street
Huson, M. and Company, London street
James, Grace, Rose lane
Kew, Louisa, St. Giles’ street
Lamb, Miss E., Grapes hill
Lomas, Eliza, Lower Goat lane
Madge, Harriet, Pitt street, St. Mary’s
Maltman, Miss J., St. Benedict’s road
Meadows, Susanna, Prince’s street
Meek, Miss, Red Lion court, Magdalen street
Mortimer, Mary and H. E., Willow lane
Paraman, Christiana, St. Giles’ street
Parke, Mary Ann, Bethel street
Parsley, Miss M., Grapes hill
Pashley, Ann, Southwell terrace, New Lakenham
Patten, Harriet, Prince’s street
Pease, Esther, Pottergate street
Prentice, Lydia, Gildengate street
Roper, Agnes, Ten-bell lane
Scofield, Susan, St. Giles’ street
Scott, Eliza, the Crescent place
Severn, Elizabeth, and Blackwell, Mary Ann, Botolph street
Short, Maria, St. George’s Middle street
Swan, Miss Ann, Rising Sun road
Taylor, Elizabeth, Prince’s street
Thirkettle, Mary Ann, St. John’s Timberhill
Thompson, Mrs. Grapes hill
Vincent, Miss Eliza, West End terrace, Grapes hill
Watling, Sarah, Bethel street
Whithers, Martha, Union place
Wortley, Martha, Briggs’ street


Millwrights—


Campling, James, Pump street
Cudbard, John C., Theatre street
Fulcher, William, Gas hill, Mousehold
Gaze, William, St. Paul’s back lane
Slack, Thomas, St. Giles’ hill
Wright, Robert, Muspole street


Music and Musical Instrument Sellers and Teachers—


Baldry, Miss, St. Stephen’s road
Buck, Dr. Z., Close
Burton, Frederic, St. Stephen’s road
Church, George, Theatre street
Clarke, Frederic E., Prince’s street
Darken, James, Pottergate street
Fish, William, Bridewell alley
Gooderham, Samuel, Elm hill
Harcourt, James, Colegate street
Hastings, George, Somerleyton street
Hill, J. F., St. Giles’ terrace
Hill, Horace, Pottergate street
Howlett, Walter, Valentine street
Howlett, William, Gentleman’s walk
Jackson James, Cowgate street
Jackson William, Fishgate street
Jackson William, Prince’s street
Kenningbrooke, David, St. Catherine’s terrace
Madge, G., Somerleyton street
Madge, Robert A., Pitt street, St. Mary’s
Oury and Co., London street
Rice W. H., Somerleyton street, Unthank’s road
Rose, Miss, St. Stephen’s street
Rudd, Henry, St. Giles’ street
Russell, Henry, Magdalen street
Trory, John, Elm hill


Newspapers—


Norfolk News.  Proprietorship.  Printer and Publisher, Mr. T. W. Bond;
Editor, Mr. J. H. Tillett; published every Saturday
Norfolk Chronicle.  Proprietors, Printers and Publishers, Messrs. William
Matchett and Henry Stevenson; Editor, Mr. E. Garrod; published every
Saturday
Norwich Mercury.  Proprietor, Printer, Publisher, and Editor, Mr. R. N.
Bacon; published Wednesday and Saturday
Railway Gazette.  Published monthly by M. G. Bardwell, St. Stephen’s
street
Weekly Express.  Published by Henry Watts, Pottergate street, every
Saturday


News Vendors—


Darken, James, Little London street
Daynes, John, Back of the Inns
Fletcher and Alexander, Gentleman’s walk
Forster, Edwin, St. Stephen’s street
Greene, Charles J., Rose lane
Hill, Lot, Bridewell alley
Jarrold and Sons, London street and Exchange street
Jeary, Robert, Bridewell alley
Taylor, W. B., St. Stephen’s street
Tuck, Robert, Wensum street
Willsea, Joshua, Orford hill


Nursery, Seedsmen, and Gardeners—


Allen, Robert, Grove place, New Lakenham
Booty, John, St. Stephen’s road
Boulton, Richard, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Browne, David, Upper London street
Ewing, John W., Exchange street
Farman, Robert, King street
Frost, Hezekiah, Lower close
Green, John, Asylum lane
Harris, Thomas, King street
Howes, James, Magdalen street
Mackie and Stewart, Exchange street
Newman, John, Old Lakenham
Parfitt, Edward, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Pratt, John, Lower close
Reynolds, William, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Sawyer, John, Earlham road
Towell, William, Upper King street
Trollop, George, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Woolbright, Robert, jun., Lower close


Opticians—


Keyzor, Michael, Market-place
Piggin and Dyball, Post-office street
Rossi, George, Market-place; h Unthank’s road


Organ Builders and Pianoforte Manufacturers—


Darken, James, Pottergate street
Howlett, W., the Walk, Market-place
Noble, Mark, Pottergate street


Pawnbrokers—


Cott, Thomas, Pottergate street
Frary, Richard, St. Andrew’s hill
Griggs, Frederic, Upper King street
Harvey and Stannard, William street
Havers, W., St. Paul’s opening
Knight and Ballard, All Saints’ green
Knight, Charlotte, Ber street
Knight, James, St. Benedict’s street
Morgan, W. R., St. Paul’s street
Morgan, William, St. Saviour’s lane
Owen, Frederick, Magdalen street
Owen, Thomas, Colegate street
Samuels and Joseph, St. John’s Timberhill
Shalders, Noah, Westlegate street
Sheward, William, King street
Towler, John B., Bethel street
Woodrow, Thomas, St. Miles’ street


Pill-box Makers—


Martin, R., West Pottergate street
Purdy, John, Cowgate street
Saul, Joseph, West Pottergate street


Physicians—


Copeman, Edward, Bethel street
Dove, H., Tombland
Goodwin, John W., Queen street
Hartmann, Francis Alexander, Surrey street
Hutchinson, Charles, Surrey street
Johnson, James, Theatre street
Ranking, W. H., St. Giles’ street
Wharton, George, Upper close


Plasterers—


Aldis, James, Prince’s street
Brooks, Henry, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Britcher, Charles, Pitt street
Bush, Thomas, Globe street, Union place
Lacey, John, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Lacey, William, Castle hill
Lacey, John G., Ber street
Lucas, William, Chapman’s yard, St. Giles’ street
Nichols, John, Golden Ball street
Page, Jeremiah, Rising Sun road
Parker, Clare, St. Martin’s at Oak
Parnell, Richard, Lady’s lane
Pearson, Edward, Bank street
Russell, Robert George, St. Catherine’s plain
Sexton, R. W., Calvert street
Sexton, H. W., St. Swithin’s
Townshend, William, Golden Ball street
Underwood, Henry, St. Margaret’s plain
Wright, James, Ber street
Youell, Thomas, Cherry street, New Lakenham


Plane Makers—


Griffiths, Hannah, Lower Goat lane and Pottergate street
Killington, Samuel, Pottergate street
Leist, James, Wensum street


Plumbers, Glaziers, and Painters—


Barker, Robert, St. John’s Timberhill
Beaty, Henry, Little London street
Belson, Robert H., King street
Bowers, William, Pottergate street
Brown, Abraham, Chapman’s yard, St. Giles’ street
Campling, Thomas, St. Mary’s street
Candler, John, St. Saviour’s lane
Clabburn, James, St. Martin’s at Oak
Cletheroe, James, Distillery street
Culyer and Bowen, Pottergate street
Delph, William, St. Augustine’s street
Devereux, Edmund, Middle street, St. George’s
Drane, Joseph, Rigby’s court
Dunn, Richard, Surrey road
Ellingham, Henry, Elm hill
Gedge, George, Wounded Hart lane, Upper market
Gilbert, James, Magdalen street
Gooch, George C., Upper King street
Green, John, Pottergate street
Hall, James, Magdalen street
Hall, James, All Saints’ green
Hardy, William E., Dove street
Hawes, George, Mariner’s lane
Jay, John, St. Andrew’s hill
Jones, Peter, St. Margaret’s alley
Kerr, John, Lower Goat lane
King, D. and Son, Prince’s street
King, J. and J., Prince’s street
Love, Charles T., Palace street
Norman, Robert, Chapel-field road
Norton, Robert, Magdalen street
Purdy, Ann, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Quadling, Henry, King street
Sands, Anthony, St. Giles’ hill
Say, Sarah, St. Giles’ street
Self and Howes, Tombland
Starland, George, Surrey street
Storey, Samuel, West Pottergate
Storey, William, West Pottergate
Surflin, William, Bank street
Thwaites, Isaac M., Sardinian Court, St. Stephen’s street
Wicks, William, St. Augustine’s street
Wilde, Frederic, St. Stephen’s street
Winter, William, St. John’s Timberhill
Wordingham, Robert, St. Catherine’s plain
Wright, Joseph, King street
Wright, Walter, Surrey place, New Lakenham
Wright, Walter, Lame Dog road


Printers—


Bacon, R. N., Mercury Office, London street
Bardwell, M. G., Goodman’s yard, St. Stephen’s street
Barnes, Charles, St. George’s plain
Colby, Richard, Golden Dog lane
Daynes, Samuel, St. Stephen’s
Fletcher and Alexander, Gentleman’s walk, Market place
Iungius, J., Pottergate street
Jarrold and Sons, London street and Exchange street
Jeary, Robert, Bridewell alley
Kerr, Stephen J., Distillery street
Lemmon, James, Gun lane
Matchett and Stevenson, Market place
Muskett, Charles, Haymarket
Otty Philip, Orford hill
Oury and Co., London street
Pigg, Henry, London street
Priest, Thomas, Rampant Horse street
Stevens, William Horace, Pottergate street
Thorndick, Henry and Co., Prince’s street
Walker, Robert, Church street, St. Miles’
Watts, Henry, Pottergate street


Professors—


Baldry, Miss (music), St. Stephen’s
Buck, Dr. Z., (music), Close
Bunnett, Edward (music), Upper close
Caro, Simon, (Hebrew), Westlegate street
Curtis, Lambert, (music) Surrey terrace, New Lakenham
Finegan, William Thomas (French), Cow hill
Harcourt, James, (music) St. Clement’s
Hill, J. F. (music), St. Giles’ terrace
Hill, Horace, (music) Pottergate street
Klein, Herr H. (languages) Prince’s street
Lantenant, Camille (French), Prince’s street
Rudd, Henry (music), St. Giles’
Scott, John, B.A., (languages), Bank street
Vlieland, Jerome N., (French), Redwell street
Wilkins, Robert F., (music), Bethel street


Register Offices for Servants—


Baker, Charles, Redwell street
Bayfield, Mrs. F., St. Stephen’s road
Betts, John, Castle meadow
Chandler, Samuel, St. Stephen’s road
Gaze, William, Westlegate street
Green, Ann, Post Office street
Johnson, Robert, Gun lane
Johnson, Mrs., Castle meadow
Moore, Joseph, Magdalen street
Whitehead, George, St. Giles’ hill


Rope and Sack Manufacturers—


Allman, George, King street
Bacon, Josiah Newbegin, Davey place
Hindes and Sons, Red Lion street
Hindes, James, Magdalen street
Hurn, George, Dove street,
Mountain, John, Mill lane, New Catton
Webb, William, Magdalen street


Saddlers and Harness Makers—


Adwick, Thomas, Davey place
Bowes, William, St. Benedict’s street
Breese, Robert, Magdalen street
Calver, John, All Saints’ green
Cannell, John, Ber street
Chettleburgh, Robert, Upper King street
Dickinson, Richard, Castle hill
Fuller, James, Market place
Gowing, Charles, Castle hill
Hallows, George, Rampant Horse street
Harbord, Joseph M., Upper St. Giles’ street
Jolly, Charles W., St. Stephen’s gates, Newmarket road
Kemp, Thomas, Castle hill
Philo, Joseph, Upper London street
Prentice, Samuel, Magdalen street
Wilkinson, Henry Joseph, St. Giles’ street


Saw and File Makers—


Griffiths, Hannah, Lower Goat lane, Pottergate street
Kenyon, John, Lower Goat lane
Leist, James, Wensum street
Lomas, William, St. Gregory’s church alley, Pottergate street


Saw Mills—


Orfeur, John, Fishgate street
Patrick, James F. and Ellis Thomas, St. Miles’
Saul and Fraser, City Saw Mills, St. Martin’s at Palace


Shoe Manufacturers, wholesale—


Barber and Co., Rampant Horse street
Barker and Co., Orford hill
Ford and Son, Colegate street
Gilman, Charles S., St. Giles’ street
Groom, George, St. Stephen’s street
Homan and Co., Upper market-place
Hotblack, John, Orford hill
Kemp, William, Pitt street
Lulham, W. and E., Surrey street
Partridge, John, Scott’s yard, Ber street
Roberts, James, Willow place, New Lakenham
Winter, Charles, Upper market
Woodgate, Philip, Castle street


Shopkeepers—


Abel, William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Alborough, Edmund, Pottergate street
Aldham, James, Tabernacle street
Aldrich, Ewing, St. Benedict’s street
Annison, Robert, Globe street, Union place
Archer, Samuel, Peacock street
Arnup, Thomas, Barrack street
Artherton, Thomas, Cherry place, New Lakenham
Bussey, Benjamin, Gildengate street
Bennett, John, Church street, St. Miles’
Butcher, Simon, Pitt street
Boulton, Edward, Gildengate street
Browne, William, Barrack street
Batley, Richard, St. Catherine’s plain
Butler, Thomas, Barrack street
Burrows, Anthony, St. Paul’s street
Brett, Thomas, Cherry street, New Lakenham
Browne, William, Barrack street
Bexfield, James, Rising Sun lane
Buxton, Stephen, Thorpe hamlet
Blackburn, Edward, Pottergate street
Brown, John, Philadelphia
Batson, John, Barrack street
Bunting, James, St. Mary’s street
Bunting, John, St. Mary’s street
Blyth, Joshua, World’s-end lane
Brown, William, St. Margaret’s
Blyth, John, Prince’s street
Barlow, Janet, Barrack street
Bushnell, Joseph, Suffolk street, Union place
Beeston, Margaret, Barrack street
Blyth, John, St. Martin’s at Oak
Bensley, William, Union place
Baylis, Andrew, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Baxter, Benjamin, St. Paul’s street
Catchpole, John, Cowgate street
Collins, Mary, Heigham street
Campling, George, Magdalen street
Crickmore, William, St. Miles’ street
Church, William, Upper King street
Cooper, Thomas, St. Augustine’s street
Crooks, Benjamin, St. Miles’ street
Chapman, John, Union place
Crosskill, William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Calver, Eliza, Lower Westwick street
Carter, Thomas, St. James’ street
Carter, Henry, Rose lane
Douglass, John, Silver road
Durrant, Thomas, Sherbourne place
Dawson, Samuel, St. Martin’s at Oak
D’Alberg, Catherine, Palace plain
Duffield, Henry, St. George’s middle street
Drake, Samuel, Lower Westwick street
Dobson, Richard, St. Benedict’s street
Diver, Jabez, St. Paul’s church plain
Dawson, William, Magdalen street
Ellis, Mary, St. Martin’s at Oak
Evans, Robert, St. Martin’s at Oak
Evans, John, Bishopgate street
Evans, George, Barrack street
Ellis, William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Forster, Thomas, Queen street, Crook’s place
Faircloth, George, Julian place
Fox, John, Fishgate street
Fabb, Charles, St. Augustine’s street
Frost, James, Magdalen street
Fountain, Elizabeth, Heigham street
Forster, Thomas, West Pottergate
Forster, Samuel, Barrack street
Futter, John, Saint Mary’s plain
Fisher, George, Union place
Fairhead, John, Thorpe hamlet
Felsted, James, Mill street, Crook’s place
Green, Susanna, St. James’ street
Gent, George, St. Miles’ street
Gardener, Maria, St. Benedict’s street
Giddens, Samuel, St. Stephen’s street
Grimes, Maria, Botolph street
Gifford, Samuel, St. Benedict’s street
Hubbard, George, King street gates
Holmes, James, King street
Howard, Daniel, Barrack street
Holmes, William, St. Paul’s back lane
Harply, Thomas, Cowgate street
Hill, Joseph, St. Augustine’s street
Howes, Ann, Pottergate street
Humphrey, William, Pump street
Hase, Thomas, Cowgate street
Hull, Amos, Peacock street
Harvey, Samuel, Fishgate street
Hunt, John, Quay side
Hunt, George, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Hardingham, William, Barrack street
Hook, Joseph, Surrey street
Harley, John Payne, St. Benedict’s street
Jarvis, Joseph, Fishgate street
James, John, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Jeffries, William, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Kemp, James, Cowgate street
Knevett, Henry, Magdalen street
Kerridge, John, St. Benedict’s street
Lowne, James, Cowgate street
Leggatt, Daniel, Thorpe hamlet
Lenstead, Robert, St. George’s plain
Linsey, Robert, Church street
Lincoln, James, St. Martin’s at Oak
Livingstone, Thomas, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Leeds, Sarah, Tinkler’s lane
Livock, Samuel, Brazen Doors road
Lacy, Esau, Norfolk street, Union place
Muirhead, Hannah, Colegate street
Marshall, Robert, Lower Westwick str.
Mackley, Richard, St. Martin’s at Oak
Mallett, Frederic, Saint James street
Meadows, Jonathan, St. Mary’s street
Mayfield, James, St. Benedict’s street
Middleton, James, Calvert street
Middleton, John, Magdalen street
Minns, Isaac, King street, Crook’s place
Miles, Susan, St. Martin’s at Oak
Owles, William, Westlegate street
Pearson, Robert, Cowgate street
Pitcher, Thomas, Rose lane
Price, Joseph, St. Mary’s street
Playford, John Joseph, Bishopgate street
Press, Frederic George, Philadelphia
Patrick, Francis, All Saints’ green
Pike, William, Magdalen street
Pulham, William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Palmer, Thomas, Crook’s place
Quantrill, James, Queen street, Crook’s place
Nicholas, Richard, City road
Newman, Henry, Saint Martin’s at Oak
Rudd, Robert, St. Mary’s street
Ravy, William, Fishgate street
Ralph, Sarah, St. Augustine’s street
Rawling, Henry, West Pottergate
Stafford, Thomas, Chapel street, Crook’s place
Smith, David, Magdalen street
Seaman, Henry, 21 row, New Lakenham
Skyles, Samuel, Barrack street
Sayer, James, Philadelphia
Stangroom, Robert, Fishgate street
Seely, Job, Pottergate street
Sadd, David, St. Catherine’s plain
Sexton, John, Scoles’ green
Simpson, Robert, Magdalen street
Seaman, Robert, Saint Saviour’s street
Simpson, Amelia, Ber street
Saddler, James, jun., St. Martin’s at Oak
Storey, James, St. Augustine’s street
Self, Thomas, Saint Mary’s plain
Sammons, Joseph, Old Lakenham
Smith, Robert, King street, Crook’s place
Scott, William, Magdalen street
Smith, Lydia, St. Augustine’s street
Shalders, Edward, St. Benedict’s street
Tuttell, Ann, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Thouless, James, Pump street
Tidd, Robert, Gildengate street
Thorpe, William, St. Martin’s at Oak
Thompson, Benjamin, Thorn lane
Towler, Edward, Magdalen street
Thurtle, James, Saint Swithin’s
Tuttell, John Watson, Mill street, New Lakenham
Thrower, John, Saint Augustine’s street
Weeds, Sarah, Thorpe hamlet
Waller, Martha, St. Paul’s opening
Walters, William, St. Catherine’s plain
Webster, George, Botolph street
Whall, Robert, King street, Crook’s place
Wiley, Samuel Hall, Cowgate street
Williment, James, St. Augustine’s street
Williams, Mary, Vauxhall street, Julian place
Watering, John, Mill lane, New Catton
Wurr, Louisa, Grove place, New Lakenham
Woods, William, Union place
Wilson, Sarah, Barrack street
Young, Mary Ann, Mariner’s lane


Slate Merchants—


Blyth, William, St. Faith’s lane
Jecks, Charles William, St. Faith’s lane
Morris, John, King street


Smallware and Toy Dealers, and Fancy Repositories—


Beales, Mary, Tombland
Brennan, Elizabeth, Upper London street
Brown, A. H., London street
Bryan, Mary, Haymarket
Bush, George, Bridge street
Cole, Emma, London street
Cruso, Lydia, Briggs’ street
Ellison, Frances, Dove street
Hepperson, Mary, White Lion street
Holder, Reuben, St. Stephen’s street
Lane, Joseph, All Saints’ green
Lovett, Henry, St. Stephen’s street
Lovett and Kidd, Bank street
Mingay, George, Haymarket
Plumstead, Frederic, Magdalen street
Ransome, Harriet, Gentleman’s walk, Market-place
Ringer, William, Market-place
Smith, William, Lower Goat lane
Steel and Rix, Queen street
Swindon, John, Magdalen street
Tubb, William Henry, London street
Walker, Richard, Bridge street
White, Mrs., London street


Solicitors—


Asker, Samuel Hurry, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’
Atkinson, John Goldsmith, Post Office street
Bailey, Elijah C., Little Orford street
Bardwell, Everett, Lower close
Barnham, James, Rampant Horse street
Beckwith, Augustus A. H., Palace street
Blake, Francis John, Upper King street
Blake, John Joseph, Palace street
Brightwell and Son, Surrey street
Bugg, Isaac, Surrey street
Cooper, J. N. V., the Crescent
Dalrymple, Arthur, St. Giles’ street
Dowson, John Withers, Castle meadow
Day, Alfred, All Saints’ green
Durrant, George, Surrey street
Dye and Palmer, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Fickling, Robert, Prince’s street
Field and Bignold, Upper Surrey street
Field, Edward, Surrey street
Fisher, James, King street
Fox, Frederic, Surrey street
Fox, Thomas C., Victoria street, St. Stephen’s gates
Freestone, Edward, Little Orford street
Gilman, Charles S., St. Giles’ street
Gilman, Charles Rackham, St. Giles’ street
Goodwin, John, Willow lane
Hansell, Henry, Upper close
Hansell, Robert, Surrey street
Harrod, Henry, Bank street
Jay and Pilgrim, Toll’s court, Briggs’ street
Jessup, Benjamin, Bridewell alley
Keith, Thomas, Bracondale
Kerrison and Preston, Bank street
Littleboy, George, Lower close
Long, E. S. D., Willow lane
Mendham, W. L., St. Andrew’s
Miller, Son, and Bugg, Surrey street
Nixon, J. H., Bracondale
Press, Edward, Tombland
Pulley, Henry, Surrey street
Rackham, Matthew R., Surrey street
Rackham, Matthew, the Close
Rackham, Thomas H., Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ street
Rackham, William, Upper St. Giles’
Sharp, Daniel John, Surrey street
Sharpe, Benjamin Thomas, Chapel Field road
Simpson, George E., Tombland
Skippon, James, Castle meadow
Skipper, John, Bank street; h Thorpe hamlet
Sparke, James B., Post Office street
Taylor, Adam and Clement, Orford hill
Taylor, John Oddin, and Ling Henry, St. Giles’ street
Tillett, Jacob Henry, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Tuck, Charles Edward, St. Giles’ street
Turner, W. H. N., the Close; h Newmarket road
Wortley, Robert, Upper King street
Whaites, Charles, Tombland
Winter, James and Son, St. Giles’ street
Woolbright, William Henry, Upper King street


Stay Makers—


Aldis, Jane, Prince’s street
Colsey, Emily, St. Andrew’s
Farrow, Mrs. Maria, St. Giles’ hill
Frost, Mrs., Davey place
Leach, Jane, St. George’s plain
Maine, Susan, Briggs’ street
Randall, Emma, St. Catherine’s plain
Taylor, Elizabeth, Upper St. Giles’ street


Stone and Marble Masons—


De Carle, Henry, Chapel Field road
Lloyd, Thomas, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Stanley, Joseph, St. Stephen’s street
Watson and Son, St. Faith’s lane
Want, F., St. Benedict’s road


Straw Bonnet Makers—


Clarke, Maria, St. Gregory’s church alley
Forster, John, Upper London street
Gooding, Harriet, Red Lion street
Green, Ann, Post Office street
Hansell, Mary, John street, Rose lane
Laws, Robert, Westlegate street
Leggett, Sarah, Crescent place
Palmer, Louisa, West Pottergate street
Riches, Susannah, Upper London street
Tomlinson, Anne, Bishopgate street
Whethers, Martha, Union place


Surgeons—


Bateman, Frederic, St. Giles’ street
Bell, J. Crawford, Prince’s street
Bleakley, Elijah, St. Andrew’s broad street
Boulger, J. P., Willow lane
Cadge, William, All Saints’ Green
Cooper, Emmanuel, Tombland
Cooper and Fox, Tombland
Crickmay, Edward, Magdalen street
Crook, John, London street
Crosse, Thomas Wm., St. Giles’ street
Dalrymple, Donald, Surrey street
Dashwood, L., St. Andrew’s broad str.
Day, William Hawkes, Surrey street
Dove, Harry, M.D., Tombland
Drake, Charles, All Saints’ green
Firth, George W., St. Martin’s at Palace
Fox, John, Upper King street
Francis, W. B., Colegate street
Garthon, James Slapp, Upper St. Giles’ street
Gibson, C. M., Bethel street
Goodwin, Charles, Willow lane
Gurney Richard, St. Giles’ road
Holland, E. C., St. Stephen’s road
Johnson, John Godwin, St. Giles’ street
Marsack, Blackall, St. Giles’ street
Master, Alfred, Bethel street
Mills, F. A., All Saints’ green
Morgan, A. F., St. Giles’ street
Nichols, Wm. Peter, Surrey street
Norgate, B. H., F.R.S., Bank street
Orris, Frederic, Magdalen street
Payne, Sturley, Duke street
Pitt, John Ballard, St. Stephen’s street
Rand, W. F., Tombland
Spencer, Christopher, King street
Taylor, William, Magdalen street
Taylor, William Henry, Prince’s street
Thompson, Robert, Theatre street
Thurgar, W. C., St. Catherine’s plain
Webber, William, the Free Hospital, Willow lane
White, Richard, St. Giles’ street
Woolterton, Robert, Tombland


Surveyors, Land Agents, and Architects—


Baldry, William, St. Stephen’s road
Benest, Edward E., New Catton
Brown, John, Upper King street
Browne, William, St. Andrew’s broad street
Bunn, John, Pottergate street
Fisher, Thomas, the Crescent
Forrester, George, Upper Close
Hewitt, John, Bethel street
Hinsby, William, Prince’s street
Hornor, Charles, St. Martin’s at Palace
Johnson, Robert, Gun lane
Kitton, Robert, Tuck’s court, St. Giles’ road
Loades, Benjamin, Pottergate street
Mear, William, Lower Close
Millard and Son, Prince’s street
Newton, William, Tombland
Pratt and Hornor, Queen street
Shipley, William, Chapel Field road
Wright, James, Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Wright, Robert, Lower Close


Tailors and Woollen Drapers—


Allen and Co., Upper London street and Bank plain
Allured, James, St. John’s Timberhill
Banks, William, Earlham terrace, St. Giles’ road
Borking, Thomas, Willow lane
Bayes and Sons, Orford hill and Red Lion street
Bennett, James, Wensum street, Tombland
Betts, John, Exchange street
Bingham, Thomas, Post-office street
Bond, William, Upper London street
Bond, Joseph Daines, Davey place
Bray, Richard, St. Giles’ street
Briggs, Sampson, Golden Ball street
Browne, Frederic, Colegate street
Buck, William, Upper Goat lane
Barrage and Jeffries, Davey place
Burrows, Robert, Lower Westwick str.
Cannell, A. F., Lower Goat lane
Climpson, Edward, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Cocks, Dennis, Magdalen street
Cocks, Thomas, Elm hill
Cogman, Frederick, Prince’s street
Cole, John Beck, Post-office street
Crisp, John Wiseman, Castle meadow
Daniels, Thomas, Albert tavern, Dove street
Duffield, William, Grove place, New Lakenham
Duffield, Henry, Exchange street
Dye, M. and W., Bank plain
English, Joseph, Upper London street
Francis, Joseph, Charing cross
Fuller, Edward, Red Lion street
Gray, Francis, Surrey street
Gray, Richard, West Pottergate street
Grand, George, London street
Grand, Edward, Upper King street
Haggath, Thomas, New Catton
Hagon, George, Hall lane, New Lakenham
Haldenstein, P., Bridewell alley
Harrison, William, St. Augustine’s str.
Hawyes, John, West Wymer street
Hill, Michael, Palace street
Hipper, James, Rampant Horse street
Hoods, Richard, Elm hill
Hook, Samuel B., St. George’s plain
Hopkins, John, Bethel street
Howlett, Richard, Bridge street
Johnson, Jacob, London street
King, William Howes, Trafalgar street, New Lakenham
Larkman, William, Gildengate street
Lovick and Johnson, London street
Ling, W. S., Castle Meadow
Livock, William Thomas, London str.
Lake, James, Red Lion street
Mackley, John E., Westlegate street
Moore, James, St. Catherine’s terrace
Mower, Edward, Fox buildings, Herring’s row
Marshall, Joseph, Rampant Horse str.
Mann, Charles C., Theatre street
Minns, Samuel W., Golden Dog lane
Murry, James, Mariners’ lane
Miller, William, Grapes hill
Mitchell, John, Dereham road terrace
Mallett, Francis and Charles, London street
Mallett, Charles, Holly terrace, Unthank’s road
Mason, Robert, West Wymer street
Norton, Francis James, Back of the Inns
Osborn, John, Little London street
Perowne, Robert, St. Benedict’s road
Porter, John S., Upper King street
Phillips, John, Orford hill
Parker, Oliver, Thorpe hamlet
Pigg, Samuel and Sons, Haymarket
Page, Joseph, Briggs’ street
Plummer, Edward, Bridge street, St. Lawrence
Ratcliff, William, Distillery street
Rudd, Francis, Pottergate street
Royall, Daniel, Jay’s terrace, Rose lane
Rust, James Barrow, Bethel street
Riches and Skoyles, Davey place
Skelton, John S., St. Giles’ street
Scott, Francis, Calvert street
Steward, James, Tombland; h Thorpe
Spurgeon, Thomas, St. Stephen’s road
Stevens, Thomas W., Unthank’s road
Sutton, Daniel Morrison, St. Andrew’s broad street
Smith, John, Orford street
Sutton, James, Unthank’s road
Slater, Joseph, Tombland
Saul, Henry Thomas, Orford street
Todd, John, and Sons, Queen street
Taylor, William, Prince’s street
Tuck, James Stannard, Lower Goat lane
Trowse, Christopher, Ten Bell lane
Talbot, George, Bridge street
Turner, Samuel, St. Miles’ street
Woods, John, Tinkler’s lane
Wells, Peter Michael, Prince’s street
Wyatt, David, Paragon street
Womack, George, White Lion street and Davey place
Wright, James, Ber street
Wade, Francis, London street
Woods, John, West Pottergate


Tallow Chandlers—


Freeman, Henry; Nash, Charles, Upper market
Hardy, James, Rampant Horse street
Howes and Son, Lower Goat lane
Kitton, George, corner of Haymarket
Pratt, William, Wensum street


Timber Merchants—


Blyth, William, St. Faith’s lane
Cann, Samuel and John, saw mills, Philadelphia
Cushion, William, Rising Sun road
Gaze, George, Hamlet place, Grapes’ hill
Green, Robert and Son, St. Miles’ Thorn Garden street
Hardy, William, Pitt street
Jecks, Charles William, St. Faith’s lane
Orfeur, John, Fishgate street
Pigg, Frederic, Bridge street, Saint George’s
Saul, William S., Pottergate street
Scales, Samuel, Rising Sun road
Scales, Samuel, Grove place, New Lakenham
Steward, Robert and Co., King street gates
Woolliston, Samuel, Hall road, New Lakenham


Tobacconists—


Borrett, William, Bridge street, Saint Lawrence
Elwes, Jonathan, St. Stephen’s road
Forster, Edwin, St. Stephen’s street
Foulsham, William, Bridge street
Fuller, William, Red Lion street
Greene, Charles Jeremiah, Rose lane
Holmes, Henry, Bloomsbury place, Rose lane
Horne, Caroline, Back of the Inns
Houghton, Henry, St. Giles’ street
Kitton, Frederic, Haymarket
Middleton, John, Trafalgar place, St. Benedict’s road
Miller, Amelia, London street
Miller, Wallace Shade, London street; h Grove road, New Lakenham
Newbegin, James and E., Market place and Bridewell alley
Richender, Neville, Upper Market
Sanderson, Alexander, Fye bridge
Smith, Samuel, Gentleman’s walk, Market place
Stowers, James, Red Lion street
Taylor, W. B., St. Stephen’s street
Townshend, William, Golden Ball street
Willsea, Joshua, Orford hill


Toy Dealers—


Cunnington, William, Little Orford street
Ellison, Frances, Dove street
Ham, Mrs., Orford hill
Page, Caroline, St. Catherine’s plain
Ransome, Harriet, Gentleman’s walk
Rose, Sarah, Castle street
Smith, W., Lower Goat lane
Smith, John, St. John’s Timberhill
Vincent, Mary, St. Catherine’s plain


Turners—


Blyth, James, New Catton
Cunnington, William, Willow lane
Gaul, Edward James, St. Augustine’s


Umbrella Makers, &c.—


Forster, John, Upper London street
Hall, Robert, All Saints green
Hartley, William, Little Orford hill
King, Tyrrell, St. Saviour’s lane
Martin, Thomas, Upper London street
Moore, Charles, St. Martin’s at Oak
Smith, Thomas, St. Benedict’s street


Veterinary Surgeons—


Sayer, Daniel, Pottergate street
Smith, William, Pottergate street
Wells, Thomas, Castle meadow


Venetian Blind Manufacturers—


Furze, James Thomas, Tombland
Howard, E. S., Rose lane
Thurst, James, Castle meadow


Watch and Clock Makers, Jewellers, and Silversmiths—


Abrahams, S. S. and B., Bethel street
Amies, Thomas, West Wymer street
Beha, Lickert, and Co., St. Stephen’s plain
Bell, Robert, Davey place
Block, Israel, Pottergate street
Buckenham, J. C., Tombland
Bush, Edward, Union place
Caston, Thomas, Bridge street
Cooper, John and Sons, London street
Cullen, Christopher, Pottergate street
Daynes, John, Pitt street
Dixon, Thomas, Bridewell alley
Dodson, W. R., Upper London street
Etheridge, George and Ellis, T. R., Gentleman’s walk
Fearnley, Joseph, London street
Frary, William, St. Benedict’s street
Grant, Frederick, Ber street
Gunton, Henry, Rampant Horse street
Hartt, W. G., London street
Haywood, James, J., Little London street
James, Benjamin, St. Andrew’s Broad street
Kerrison, James, Magdalen street
Linford, Robert, Red Lion street
Mackley, G. W., Westlegate street
Phillips, Samuel M., Chapel Field road
Piggin and Dyball, Post-office street
Priest, George, Briggs’ street
Ransome, James, Bridge street
Rossi, George, Market-place
Russell, Benjamin, Magdalen street
Samuels and Joseph, St. John’s Timberhill
Shildrake, William, Upper London street
Springall, Isaac, Wensum street
Stowers, James, Red Lion street
Zipfel, John, Magdalen street
Zipfel, Matthew, Bridge street


Whip Makers—


Abel, Cain, Golden Ball lane
Hard, Charles, St. John’s Timberhill
Leeds, Edward and Charles, All Saints’ green
Simpson, John, Ber street


Whitesmiths—


Culyer, Christmas and George, Cow hill
Dennis, Charles, St. Stephen’s gates
Finch, William Henry, Waggon and Horses’ lane
Leech, George, Upper Goat lane, West Pottergate
Leggatt, John, Scoles’ green
Livock, Joseph, Elm hill
Palmer J. and W., St. Augustine’s street
Palmer, Robert, St. Saviour’s lane
Rope, Charles, Surrey street
Stammers, Robert, Castle hill


Wholesale Drapers and Warehousemen—


Barker, Benjamin, Orford hill
Chamberlin, Sons, and Co., Market-place
Coleman, G. L., Market-place
Coleman and Sons, London street
De Vear and Phillips, Davey place
Pigg, Samuel, and Sons, Haymarket
Rivett and Harmer, Old Post-office court
Woodgate, Philip, Castle street


Wine, Spirit, and Porter Merchants—


Anthony, William, Upper Market
Arnold, Maria, St. Margaret’s plain
Athow, Edward, Castle street
Back and Co., Haymarket
Barley, Christopher, Bridewell alley
Barwell and Son, London street, and St. Stephen’s street
Bolingbroke, Woodrow and Co., Upper St. Giles’ street
Bowgen, J. H., Lower Westwick street
Bullard, Richard, St. Miles’ Bridge
Buxton, Isaac, Bank plain
Clabburn and Sparks, Magdalen street
Filby, Wm. E., Stamp office yard
Foster and Son, Norfolk hotel
Geldart and Son, Wensum street
Gittings, Cornelius, Calvert street
Grimmer, Samuel; h Mount Pleasant, Unthank’s road
Harman and Sons, St. Andrew’s hill
Heseltine, James, Royal hotel
Hubbard, James, Magdalen street
Louth, Robert, Rampant Horse, Rampant Horse street
Morrison, P. A., and Co., Upper Market
Murnane, John, Bell Commercial hotel, Orford hill and Cattle market
Norgate and Co., St. Stephen’s street
Priest, Henry R., Pottergate street
Priest, Pilgrim, and Co., St. Giles’ street
Roe, Sarah Ann and Son, Post-office court
Seaman, Grimmer, and Co., Saint Andrew’s broad street
Sparks, Francis, St. Giles’ street
Steward, Patteson, Finch and Co., Barrack street
Strachan, James, Guildhall tavern, Market place
Wiseman, Isaac, Post Office street
Woodrow, Joseph, Unthank’s road


Wire Workers—


Andrews, Richard, St. Miles’ street
Barnard and Bishop, Gentleman’s walk
Lamb, Mrs. S., Golden Ball street



Corporation of Norwich.


                     MAYOR—John Godwin Johnson, Esq.
                      SHERIFF—Timothy Steward, Esq.
                 RECORDER—Michael Prendergast, Esq. Q.C.



JUSTICES OF THE PEACE.


                      Sir Samuel Bignold, Knt.  M.P.
                       Sir Robert John Harvey, Knt.

John Hilling Barnard    William Freeman         Osborn Springfield

Samuel Shalders Beare   John Henry Gurney       John Sultzer

John Betts              Robt. John Harvey       Abel Towler
                        Harvey
Robert Wiffen Blake                             Charles Turner
                        Anthony Hudson
Horatio Bolingbroke                             Edward Willett
                        John Godwin Johnson
Henry Browne                                    Charles Winter
                        John Marshall
Robert Chamberlin                               Henry Woodcock
                        Philip John Money
William Collyer                                 John Wright
                        Nathaniel Palmer
Charles Evans
                        Thomas Osborn
                        Springfield

                                * * * * *

_Judge of the Guildhall Court_           Nathaniel Palmer, Esq.
_Registrar of ditto_                     Hy. Miller, Gent.
_Coroner_                                Wm. Wilde, Esq.
_Clerk to the Justices_                  Wm. Day, Esq.
_Ditto for Licensing and Billeting_      Wm. Wilde, Esq.
_Clerk to the Local Board of Health_     H. B. Miller, Esq.
_Clerk to the Burials’ Board_            W. L. Mendham, Esq.
_Clerk of the Peace_                     A. Dalrymple, Esq.
_Town Clerk_                             W. L. Mendham, Esq.
_City Treasurer_                         Mr. F. Simpson
_Clerk to Committees_                    R. Fickling, Esq.
_Under Sheriff_                          T. Brightwell, jun., Esq.
_City Surveyor & Surveyor to the Board   Mr. Edward E. Benest
of Health_
_Inspector of ditto_                     Samuel Clarke

ALDERMEN.

Jeremiah Butcher        John Oddin Taylor       Joseph D. Smith

John De Vear            John Youngs             Abel Towler

Charles Robert          Robert Wiffen Blake     Edward Willett
Freeman
                        George L. Coleman       Wm. Henry Woolbright
George Middleton
                        Canuel Darkins
Robert Page, junior
                        William Hall
John Pymar

COUNCILLORS.

      1ST WARD.               2ND WARD.               3RD WARD.
John Kitton             Richard Bullard         Henry Ling

George William Minns    Osborn Springfield      John Ferra Watson

Francis John Blake      R. Chamberlin,          William Trory
                        (Deputy Mayor)
Roger Kerrison                                  James Winter
                        Henry Woodcock
George Ives                                     Elijah Crosier Bailey
                        Sir Wm. Foster, Bart.
John Underwood                                  Robert Atkinson
                        Jacob Henry Tillett     Gorell
      4TH WARD.               5TH WARD.               6TH WARD.
John Barwell            Sir S. Bignold, M.P.    John Godwin Johnson
                                                (Mayor)
George Womack           W. J. Utten Browne
                                                Thomas Moore Keith
Chas. N. Bolingbroke    A. A. H. Beckwith
                                                Henry Hindes
Charles Winter          Charles Wilson Jolly
                                                Wm. Manning Kitton
Thomas Brightwell       Edward Field
                                                George Kitton
Carlos Cooper           James Hardy
                                                John Skipper
7TH WARD.               8TH WARD.
Robert French           Samuel Hill

Thos. Osborn            Robert Watling Sexton
Springfield
                        James Knights
Joel Fox
                        William Pratt
Thomas Christie
                        John Bidwell
William Andrews
                        Richard Coaks
William Wilde, jun.

City Police Force, Guildhall.


           _Chief Constable_—Stephen English, Esq., Guildhall.
                   _Surgeon_—James Slapp Garthon, Esq.
             _Superintendents_—Edward Peck and Stephen Amiss.
             _Inspectors_—William Barnard and George Steward.


SERGEANTS—

John Minns                          William Curtis

John Hayhow                         Thomas Osborne

John Fransham                       John Ireland

The Police Force was formed in January, 1836, and re-organised in August,
1853; and in addition to the officers above given, there are 71 Police
Constables.

Its jurisdiction extends over an area of 10½ square miles, with a
population of 70,000 souls.  The annual expenditure is about £4,000,
including pensions.



City Fire Brigade.


                  _Superintendent_—Stephen English, Esq.
                       _Central Office_—Guildhall.
               _Inspectors_—Edward Peck and Stephen Amiss.

This establishment was organised in August, 1853; and in addition to the
officers, is composed and manned by eighty Police Officers, who are
regularly trained and drilled.  Three Engines, six Hose Reels, three Fire
Escapes, seven Fire Annihilators, Jumping Cloths, and other appliances
for extinguishing fires and saving life, are kept ready for instant use.

Upon an alarm of fire at the Guildhall, the police throughout the city
receive instantaneous notice thereof by means of signal rockets.

The city is supplied with water on the high pressure system, and fires
can be extinguished without the aid of an engine.  By means of Hose
Reels, the power of a hundred engines can be brought to bear upon any
premises on fire.

Mr. English, the present Superintendent, has received several honorary
rewards for his intrepidity and exertions in the performance of his duty.
A portable Fire Escape lately invented by Mr. English, and exhibited in
London, is highly spoken of and approved by several scientific gentlemen.
It consists of two cross bars with pulleys, three coils of rope with
spring-hooks attached, and a leather belt, by means of which persons may
be rescued in case of fire, in an expeditious and simple manner.  The
advantages of this escape, before all others hitherto invented, are, that
you can rescue the inmates from the adjoining houses without passing
through the fire—its simplicity, cheapness, portability, and safety.  It
can also be used up narrow courts and passages, and at the rear of
houses, a desideratum which the London escapes do not possess.



Norwich Union Fire Brigade.


            _Superintendent_—Stephen English, Esq., Guildhall
              _Inspectors_—William Barnard and John Hayhow.
                 _Reserve_—John Flaxman and James Melvin.

This establishment was reorganised in November, 1854, and placed under
the management of the Police.

Two Fire Engines are kept perfectly ready to act on any emergency in town
or country.  The engines are of the first class, constructed upon the
most approved scientific principles, and adapted for rapid travelling
into the country.

A Fire Engine upon a new principle has lately been added to the
establishment, at a cost of four hundred guineas.  It has two 6-in. and
two 7-in. cylinders, each worked at an 8-in. stroke, and the machinery so
arranged that by simply moving a lever it can be worked as a 6-in.
engine, or as a 7-in. engine, or the two can be worked together, and is
then more powerful than a 9-in. engine, and throws an inch jet of water
120 feet high, and smaller jets proportionally higher.  The advantage of
this arrangement being three sizes of Fire Engines to suit the available
quantity of water, or number of men.  The suction has an air-vessel or
reservoir, as in the American engines, a new feature in the construction
of engines in this country.



Norwich Equitable Fire Brigade.


            _Superintendent_—Stephen English, Esq., Guildhall.
              _Inspectors_—William Curtis and John Ireland.

This establishment was organised in January, 1855, and placed under the
management of the Police.

In addition to this admirable and efficient establishment, Hose Reels are
kept at the undermentioned premises ready for immediate use, and
available to the police day or night—St. Edmund’s Factory, Fishgate
Street.  Middleton and Ainsworth’s Factory, Calvert Street.  Sultzer’s
Factory, St. Augustine’s Street.  Pockthorpe Brewery, Barrack Street.



Public Establishments.


Norfolk and Norwich Museum: E. H. St. Quinton, Secretary.
Public Library, Market place, Edward Langton, Librarian.
Norfolk and Norwich Literary Institution, St. Andrew’s street; John
Quinton, Librarian and Secretary.
Gas Light Company’s Works: William Tadman, Superintendent and Engineer.
Theatre Royal, Theatre street: William Sidney, Lessee.
Assembly Rooms, Theatre street, James Woods, Conductor.
Corn Exchange, Exchange street: James Ayton, Bailiff.
Chamber of Commerce, Post Office street, Charles S. Gilman, Hon.
Secretary.
Young Men’s Institute, Post Office street.
Norwich and Norfolk United Medical Book Society, St. Andrew’s street:
John Quinton, Librarian.
Norfolk and Norwich Horticultural Society.  President, Henry Kett
Thompson, Esq.  Vice President, The Right Hon. Lord Stafford.  Treasurer,
John Kitson, Esq., Thorpe.  Honorary Secretary, Mr. Arthur Preston, Bank
street, Norwich.  Assistant Secretary, Mr. Wm. Hussey, St. Catherine’s
plain, Norwich.
Local Board of Health, Castle Meadow: Henry Miller, Clerk: E. Benest,
Surveyor.
Water Works Company, Office, Redwell street: William Parsons, Manager.
Norfolk and Norwich Magdalen: Miss Mary Ann Curson, Matron.
Girls’ Home, Heigham Causeway: Mrs. Rebecca Bales, Matron.
Rosary Cemetery.
Stamp Office, St. Andrew’s street: Francis Gostling Forster, Distributor.
Inland Revenue Office: J. Wilde, Receiver.
Gaol and House of Correction.  Chaplain: Rev. Robert Wade, clk.  Gaoler
and Keeper: Robert Campling.  Matron: Julia Campling.  Schoolmaster,
Samuel Richardson.  First Turnkey of Gaol: John Shingles.  Second
Turnkey: John Blaza.  Female Turnkey and Warder: Eliz. Fulcher.  Surgeon,
Mr. Wm. Peter Nichols.  Turnkey of House of Correction: Christopher Hall.
Assistant Turnkey and Taskmaster of the Tread Wheel: John Blyth.  Turnkey
and Cook: John Moll.
County Prison.  Governor: Mr. George Pinson.  Chaplain: Rev. J. L. Brown.
Surgeon: Mr. Alfred Master.  Clerk to Visiting Justices: Mr. G. Pinson,
junr.  Deputy Governor: Mr. John Harrod.
List of Officers of the Court of Guardians.  Governor: A. A. H. Beckwith,
Esq.  Deputy Governor: James Winter, Esq.  Treasurer: Henry Birkbeck,
Esq.  Surgeons (District): Mr. L. Dashwood (man midwife), Mr. C. Drake,
Mr. W. B. Francis, Mr. T. W. Crosse, Mr. J. B. Pitt, Mr. W. H. Day, Mr.
Sturley Payne, Mr. J. S. Garthon.  Chaplain: Rev. Philip Brown.  To
Infirmary and Asylum: Rev. E. J. Bell.  Apothecary, Mr. R. R. Cremer.
Clerk: Mr. E. C. Bailey.  Cashier: Mr. Starling Day.  Office Clerk: Mr.
W. Wicks.



Charitable Institutions.


Norfolk and Norwich Hospital, St. Stephen’s gates: House Surgeon, Mr.
John Skaife: Matron, Miss Cooper; House Steward and Secretary, Mr. R. E.
Houghton.
Bethel Hospital, Bethel street: Surgeon, Mr. C. M. Gibson: Master, E. J.
Dodd.
Boys’ Home, J. Lingwood, Master.
Doughty’s Hospital, Calvert street: Master, Robert Minns.
Great Hospital, Bishopgate street: Governor, George Simpson.
Pauper Infirmary, Catton road: Governor, W. C. Bell: Matron, Mrs. Bell.
Magdalen Institution, Life’s green: Matron, Mrs. M. A. Curson.
Norwich Lying-in Charity, Pottergate street: Matron, Mrs. Sarah Stannard.
Orphans’ Home, Pottergate street: Matron, Miss Ann Barnsdale.
Norfolk and Norwich Eye Infirmary, Pottergate street: Treasurer, Earl of
Leicester: Hon. Secretary, John Goodwin, Esq.: Medical Officers, G. W. W.
Firth, B. Norgate, Dr. Goodwin: Matron, Mrs. Sarah Bennett.
Norwich Dispensary, Pottergate street: Apothecary, Peter Pinyon.
Indigent Blind Institution, Magdalen street: Super Secretary, E. W.
Yarrington: Matron, Miss De Carle.
Workhouse, St. Andrew’s: Master, Mr. W. Tallack.



A List of the Carriers,
_The Places they carry to_, _the Inns they put up at_, _and the days and
Hours they leave Norwich_.

Places they Carry to.   Carriers’           Inns.       Leave Norwich at
                        Names.
Acle                    Holmes          York Tavern,    W S                  4
                                        Castle Hill
Alburgh                 Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Aldboro’, Norfolk       Horner          Golden Lion,    W S                  4
                                        Maddermarket
,, Suffolk              Sawyer          Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Ashwelthorpe            Lloyd           Bull, St.       W 4 S                5
                                        Stephen’s
Attleboro’              Mann            White Horse,    T Th S               3
                                        Haymarket
                        Bowen           Crown and       T F                  5
                                        Angel, St.
                                        Stephen’s
                        Clarke          Star,           T F                  3
                                        Haymarket
Attlebridge             Bishop          Jolly           W S                 4½
                                        Farmers,
                                        Charing Cross
Aylsham                 Margetson       Post Office     daily                4
                                        Tavern
                        Grey            Golden Lion,    W S                  2
                                        Maddermarket
                        Purdy           Ditto           W S                  4
                        Chapman         Duke’s Palace   daily               4½
                        Beasy           White Horse,    T W F S              1
                                        Haymarket
Bacton                  Abigail         Bull Inn,       S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
                        Marsh           White Horse,    S                    3
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Banham                  Bowen           Lamb Inn,       W S                  1
                                        Haymarket
                        Kemp            White Hart,     S                    4
                                        St. Peter’s
                        Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
Banningham              Tyrrell         Bull,           W S                  2
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
                        Hall            White Horse,    W S                  3
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Barford                 Laskey          Queen’s Head,   M W S                4
                                        St. Giles’
                        Orton           Cock, St.       W S                  4
                                        Giles’
Barnham Broom           Orton           Cock, St.       W S                  4
                                        Giles’
Bawdeswell              Rix             White Horse,    W S                  3
                                        St. Miles’
                        Raven           Woolpack, St.   W S                 12
                                        George’s
                        Hewitt          Prince of       S                    2
                                        Wales, St.
                                        Benedict’s
Beccles                 Bedingfield     Star,           M W S                4
                                        Haymarket
Berghapton              Freestone       Star and        S                    2
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Beeston                 Carter          White Hart,     W S                 4½
                                        St. Peter’s
Bessingham              Brown           Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Binham                  Coe             Duke’s Palace   W S                  3
                        Brown           White Horse,    W S                  2
                                        St. Lawrence
Blakeney                Miller          Woolpack, St.   W S                  1
                                        George’s
                        Grey            Golden Lion,    W S                  1
                                        Maddermarket
Blickling               Grey            Golden Lion,    W S                  1
                                        Maddermarket
Blofield                Holmes          York Tavern,    W S                  4
                                        Castle Hill
                        Thirtle         White Lion,     S                    4
                                        Palace Plain
Botesdale               Brown           Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Boyton                  Howard          Horse Shoes,    S                    2
                                        Palace Street
Briston                 Fiske           Woolpack, St.   S                    1
                                        George’s
                        Carr            Elephant,       W S                  3
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
                        Coe             Duke’s Palace   W S                  4
Brooke                  Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Bungay                  Hogg            Lamb Inn,       daily 4, S          4½
                                        Haymarket
                        Sawyer          Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Bunwell                 Hardy           Bull, St.       W S                  4
                                        Stephen’s
Burnham                 Spicer          White Horse,    S                    2
                                        Haymarket
Bury St. Edmund’s       Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
                        Clarke          Star,           T F                  3
                                        Haymarket
Buxton                  Stibbons        Cross Keys,     W S                  4
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
                        Hall            White Horse,    S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
                        Daniels         Bell Inn,       M W S                4
                                        Orford Hill
Cantley                 Moll            York Tavern,    W 3, S               4
                                        Castle
                                        Ditches
Caston                  Bowen           Crown and       T F                  5
                                        Angel, St.
                                        Stephen’s
Catfield                Pilgrim         Bell Inn,       S                    4
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
                        Leatherdale     Bell Inn,       M W S               4½
                                        Orford Hill
                        Hammond         Waggon and      W S                  4
                                        Horses,
                                        Tombland
Catton                  Gale            Guildhall,      daily 11 and         4
                                        Market Place
Cawston                 Dix             Eight           M W S                4
                                        Ringers, St.
                                        Miles’
                        Easton          Lord Camden,    S                    4
                                        Charing Cross
                        Lewis           Unicorn, St.    M W S                1
                                        Mary’s
                        Carr            Elephant,       W S                  3
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Cley                    Miller          Woolpack, St.   W S                  1
                                        George’s
Colby                   Hall            White Horse,    S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Coltishall              Edwards         White Lion,     M W S                4
                                        White Lion
                                        Street
                        Cooper          Norfolk Hotel   daily               4½
                        Barnard         Black Swan,     M W F S              4
                                        St. Peter’s
Calthorpe               Horner          Golden Lion,    W S                  4
                                        Maddermarket
                        Newstead        Globe,          S                    2
                                        Scoles’ Green
Corpusty                Miller          Woolpack, St.   W S                  1
                                        George’s
                        Coe             Duke’s Palace   W S                  3
                        Brown           White Horse,    W 2, S               4
                                        St. Lawrence
                        Utting          Crown, St.      S                    2
                                        George’s
Cossey                  Whiting         Fountain, St.   M W F S              4
                                        Benedict’s
Cromer                  Beasy           White Horse,    T W F S              1
                                        Haymarket
                        Jarvis          White Hart,     W S                  1
                                        St. Peter’s
                        Summers         Woolpack, St.   W S                  1
                                        George’s
                        Puxley          George and      W S                  2
                                        Dragon,
                                        Haymarket
Denton                  Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Dereham                 Betts           Coach and       W S                  4
                                        Horses,
                                        Bethel street
                        Stringer        Wheatsheaf,     W                    3
                                        Bethel street
                        Carter          White Hart,     W S                 4½
                                        St. Peter’s
Dilham                  Palmer          Cross Keys,     S                    4
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
                        Knights         Bull Inn,       W S                  4
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
                        Walpole         White Horse,    W S                  3
                                        Haymarket
Diss                    Brown           Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Docking                 Towler          Curriers’       Th                   4
                                        Arms, St.
                                        Giles’
Drayton                 Burton          White Horse,    S                    4
                                        St. Andrew’s
                        Elliott         Bess of         T Th F S             2
                                        Bedlam, St.
                                        Martin’s
Easton                  Turner          Crown, St.      T Th S               2
                                        Benedict’s
East Tuddenham          Turner          Crown, St.      T Th S               2
                                        Benedict’s
East Ruston             Marsh           White Horse,    S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
                        Palmer          Cross Keys,     S                    4
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Edgefield               Pells           Elephant,       W S                  2
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Ellingham               Houchen         Bull, St.       S                    2
                                        Stephen’s
                        Bowen           Crown and       T F                  5
                                        Angel, St.
                                        Stephen’s
                        Fulcher         Bull, St.       S                    4
                                        Stephen’s
Elmham                  Hewitt          Prince of       S                    2
                                        Wales, St.
                                        Benedict’s
Eye                     Smith           George,         W S                  3
                                        Haymarket
Field Dalling           Brown           White Horse,    W 2, S               4
                                        St. Lawrence
Forncett                Lloyd           Bull, St.       W 4, S               5
                                        Stephen’s
                        Hardy           Bull, St.       S                    4
                                        Stephen’s
Foulsham                Balls           White Horse,    T S                  3
                                        St. Lawrence
                        Wagg            Pheasant        S                    4
                                        Cock, St.
                                        Miles’
Freethorpe              Moll            York Tavern,    W 3, S               4
                                        Castle Hill
Fressingfield           Hart            King’s Arms,    S                    3
                                        Ber Street
Fulmodeston             Riches          Pope’s Head,    S                    1
                                        St. Peter’s
Garboldisham            Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
Hackford                Woodhouse       Beehive, St.    S                    3
                                        Benedict’s
Hainford                Daniels         Bell Inn,       M W S                4
                                        Orford Hill
Halesworth              Sawyer          Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Halvergate              Moll            York Tavern,    W 3, S               4
                                        Castle Hill
Hanwell                 Leggatt         City of         W S                  4
                                        Norwich, St.
                                        Stephen’s
Hanworth                Brown           Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Hardwick                Riches          Bakers’ Arms,   W S                  4
                                        Ber street
Hardingham              Skipper         Fountain, St.   W S                  1
                                        Benedict’s
                        Laskey          Queen’s Head,   M W S                4
                                        St. Giles’
Harling                 Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
Harleston               Prime           Bell Inn,       W S                  4
                                        Orford Hill
                        Dodd            Lamb Inn,       W S                 3½
                                        Haymarket
                        Riches          White Lion,     W S                  4
                                        White Lion
                                        Street
Heacham                 Towler          Curriers’       Th                   4
                                        Arms, St.
                                        Giles’
Hellesdon               Symonds         Queen           twice a week         2
                                        Caroline, St.
                                        Martin’s
Hempnall                Leggatt         City of         W S                  4
                                        Norwich, St.
                                        Stephen’s
                        Greengrass      Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
                        Riches          Bakers’ Arms,   W S                  4
                                        Ber Street
                        Thrower         Jubilee, Ber    W S                  4
                                        Street
Hickling                Goose           Horse Shoes,    S                    2
                                        Palace Street
                        Pilgrim         Bull,           S                    4
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Hindolveston            Nicholls        Golden Lion,    T S                  2
                                        Maddermarket
                        Raven           Woolpack, St.   S                   12
                                        George’s
Hingham                 Laskey          Queen’s Head,   M W S                4
                                        St. Giles’
Hockham                 Edwards         George,         S                    3
                                        Haymarket
Hockering               Perfitt         Cardinal’s      S                    2
                                        Cap, St.
                                        Benedict’s
Holt                    Gray            Golden Lion,    W S                  1
                                        Maddermarket
                        Miller          Woolpack, St.   W S                  1
                                        George’s
                        Egmore          Crown, St.      W S                  1
                                        George’s
Homersfield             Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Honing                  Abigail         Bull Inn,       S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Honingham               Turner          Crown, St.      T Th S               2
                                        Benedict’s
Hopton                  Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
Houghton                Stringer        Wheat Sheaf,    W                    3
                                        Bethel Street
Ingham                  Lack            White Horse,    M W S                5
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Ipswich                 Sawyer          Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Itteringham             Tyrrell         Bull,           S                    1
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Ixworth                 Fiske           Lamb Inn,       F F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
Kenninghall             Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
                        Bowen           Ditto           W S                  1
Lammas                  Daniels         Bell Inn,       M W S                4
                                        Orford Hill
Langley                 Woolner         White Lion,     T W F S              4
                                        White Lion
                                        Street
                        Ecclestone      Woolpack,       W S                  3
                                        Golden Ball
                                        Street
Lenwade                 Elliot          Bess of         T Th S               2
                                        Bedlam, St.
                                        Martin’s
Litcham                 Betts           Coach and       W S                  4
                                        Horses,
                                        Bethel Street
                        Hewitt          Prince of       S                    2
                                        Wales, St.
                                        Benedict’s
Loddon                  Woolner         White Lion,     T W F S              4
                                        White Lion
                                        Street
                        Greengrass      George Inn,     W S                  4
                                        Haymarket
Long Stratton           Riches          White Lion,     W S                  4
                                        White Lion
                                        Street
                        Dodd            Lamb Inn,       W S                 3½
                                        Haymarket
                        Greengrass      Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Lopham                  Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
                        Bowen           Ditto           W S                  1
Ludham                  Hammond         Waggon and      W S                  1
                                        Horses,
                                        Tombland
Lyng                    Burton          White Horse,    S                    4
                                        St. Andrew’s
                        Spooner         Queen’s Head,   S                    1
                                        Quay-side
Lynn                    Betts           Coach and       W S                  4
                                        Horses,
                                        Bethel Street
                        Carter          White Hart,     W S                 4½
                                        St. Peter’s
                        Stringer        Wheat Sheaf,    W                    3
                                        Bethel Street
                        Hewitt          Prince of       S                    2
                                        Wales, St.
                                        Benedict’s
Martham                 Ward            Shirehall,      W S                  4
                                        Castle Meadow
                        Dove            Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Matlask                 Tyrrell         Bull,           S                    1
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
Mattishall              Skipper         Fountain, St.   W S                  1
                                        Benedict’s
                        Howes           White Hart,     W S                  2
                                        St. Peter’s
Mulbarton               Davy            Coachmakers’    W F                  4
                                        Arms, St.
                                        Stephen’s
Mundsley                Gray            Black Swan,     W S                  2
                                        St. Peter’s
Mundsley                Everard         Pope’s Head,    W S                 1½
                                        St. Peter’s
Neatishead              Pilgrim         Bull Inn,       S                    4
                                        Magdalen
                                        Street
                        Etheridge       Waggon and      W S                  4
                                        Horses,
                                        Tombland
New Buckenham           Mann            White Horse,    T Th S               3
                                        Haymarket
                        Bowen           Lamb Inn,       W S                  1
                                        Haymarket
                        Sparrow         George Inn,     S                    1
                                        Haymarket
Northrepps              Summers         Woolpack, St.   W S                 12
                                        George’s
North Walsham           Cooper          Norfolk Hotel   daily               4½
                        Bradfield       White Horse,    daily                3
                                        Haymarket
                        Scott           Star Inn,       M W S                4
                                        Haymarket
Northwold               Payne           Curriers’       W S                  5
                                        Arms, St.
                                        Giles’
Old Buckenham           Bowen           Lamb Inn,       W S                  1
                                        Haymarket
Overstrand              Summers         Woolpack, St.   W S                  1
                                        George’s
Postwick                Edwards         Horse Shoes,    S                    3
                                        Palace Street
Pulham                  Riches          White Lion,     W S                  4
                                        White Lion
                                        Street
                        Prime           Bell Inn,       W S                  4
                                        Orford Hill
                        Dodd            Lamb Inn,       W S                 3½
                                        Haymarket
Ranworth                Cator           Horse Shoes,    S                    4
                                        Palace Street
Reepham                 Bishop          Jolly           W S                 4½
                                        Farmers,
                                        Charing Cross
                        Leeds           Moon and        W S                 4½
                                        Stars, St.
                                        Miles’
Rockland                Bowen           Crown and       T F                  5
                                        Angel, St.
                                        Stephen’s
                        Fulcher         Bull, St.       S                    4
                                        Stephen’s
Rudham                  Stringer        Wheat Sheaf,    W                    3
                                        Bethel Street
Salhouse                Lowne           Lobster,        S                    2
                                        Lobster Lane
Saxlingham              Riches          Bakers’ Arms,   W S                  4
                                        Ber street
                        Cushing         King’s Arms,    W S                  4
                                        Ber street
Saxmundham              Sawyer          Star,           W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
                        Hogg            Lamb Inn,       daily 4, S          4½
                                        Haymarket
Sculthorpe              Newstead        Globe,          S                    2
                                        Scoles’ Green
Sherringham             Jordan          White Hart,     W S                 2½
                                        St. Peter’s
                        Emery           Moon and        S                    1
                                        Stars, Duke
                                        street
                        Aldridge        Lobster,        F                    2
                                        Lobster lane
Shipdham                Skipper         Fountain, St.   W S                  1
                                        Benedict’s
Shottisham              Cushing         King’s Arms,    W S                  4
                                        Ber street
                        Self            Jubilee, Ber    W S                  4
                                        street
Smallburgh              Walpole         White Horse,    W S                  3
                                        Haymarket
                        Rivens          Elephant,       W S                  4
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
                        Knights         Bull Inn,       W S                  4
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Southrepps              Summers         Woolpack, St.   W S                  1
                                        George’s
South Walsham           Cator           Horse Shoes,    S                    4
                                        Palace street
                        Thirtle         White Lion,     S                    1
                                        Palace plain
Sparham                 Hewitt          Prince of       S                    2
                                        Wales, St.
                                        Benedict’s
St. Cross               Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Stalham                 Lack            White Horse,    M W S                5
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
                        Marsh           Ditto           S                    2
                        Leatherdale     Bell, Orford    M W S               4½
                                        Hill
Stanton                 Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
Stibbard                Riches          Pope’s Head,    S                    1
                                        St. Peter’s
Stiffkey                Brown           White Horse,    W S                  2
                                        St. Lawrence
Stradbrooke             Meen            Lamb Inn,       W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Strumpshaw              Scott           Horse Shoes,    S                    3
                                        Palace street
                        Howard          Ditto           S                    2
Surlingham              Aldis           Woolpack,       M W F S              3
                                        Golden Ball
                                        street
Sustead                 Brown           Star,           S                    2
                                        Haymarket
Sutton                  Pilgrim         Bull,           S                    4
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
                        Abigail         Ditto           S                    2
Swaffham                Betts           Coach and       W S                  4
                                        Horses,
                                        Bethel street
                        Carter          White Hart,     W S                 4½
                                        St. Peter’s
Swanton Abbots          Hunt            Cross Keys,     S                    4
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Swanton Morley          Weyer           Beehive, St.    S                    3
                                        Benedict’s
Thetford                Clarke          Star Inn,       T F                  3
                                        Haymarket
Thorpe                  Reeve           Horse Shoes,    S                    2
                                        Palace street
Thurgarton              Horner          Golden Lion,    W S                  4
                                        Maddermarket
Tiddenham               Ribbons         Golden Ball,    W S                  2
                                        Castle Hill
Tittleshall             Betts           Coach and       W S                  4
                                        Horses,
                                        Bethel street
Topcroft                Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Trunch                  Gray            Black Swan,     W S                  2
                                        St. Peter’s
                        Everard         Pope’s Head,    W S                  2
                                        St. Peter’s
Tunstead                Watts           White Horse,    S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Walcot                  Marsh           White Horse,    S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Walsingham              Williams        Black Horse,    Th morn.             6
                                        St. Giles’
Watton                  Dunnett         White Hart,     T F                  1
                                        St. Peter’s
                        Payne           Curriers’       W S                  5
                                        Arms, St.
                                        Giles’
                        Burnett         King’s Arms,    S                    3
                                        Bethel street
Wells                   Williams        Black Horse,    Th morn.             6
                                        St. Giles’
                        Coe             Duke’s Palace   W S                  3
                        Riches          Pope’s Head,    S                    1
                                        St. Peter’s
                        Rhodes          White Horse,    S                    1
                                        Haymarket
                        Richardson      Ditto           S                    1
Weston                  Fiske           Lamb Inn,       T F morn.           11
                                        Haymarket
                        Dunnett         Cardinal Cap,   S                    4
                                        St.
                                        Benedict’s
Woodbastwick            Cator           Horse Shoes,    S                    4
                                        Palace street
Woodbridge              Sawyer          Star Inn,       W S                  2
                                        Haymarket
Wood Dalling            Elmer           White Horse,    S                    4
                                        St. Lawrence
Woodton                 Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Worstead                Cross           Bull Inn,       S                    5
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
                        Watts           White Horse,    S                    2
                                        Magdalen
                                        street
Wortwell                Tidman          Star and        W S                  4
                                        Crown,
                                        Timberhill
Wretham                 Edwards         George and      S                    2
                                        Dragon,
                                        Haymarket
Wymondham               Betts           Golden Lion,    daily                5
                                        Maddermarket
                        Gooch           City of         S                    4
                                        Norwich
                        Fulcher         Bull, St.       W S                  5
                                        Stephen’s
                        Betts           Ditto           M F                  4

Norwich Post-Office.


                    SAMUEL BASE, ESQ., _Post-Master_.
                      MR. T. RUDDOCK, _Chief Clerk_.
     Messrs. Rainger, W. Base, H. Base, Hunt, and Snelling, _Clerks_.

The London Mail arrives at 2 28 a.m. and 4 35 p.m.; the Ipswich at 6 25
a.m. and 4 p.m.  The same Mails are dispatched as under, viz.: London at
5 40 a.m. and 9 40 p.m.; Ipswich at 5 50 a.m. and 7 20 p.m.  One bag is
received from Yarmouth at 7 a.m. and another at 6 20 p.m.; and three are
sent to Yarmouth daily, viz.: First, at 6 50 a.m.; the second at 4 20
p.m.; and the third at 9 30 p.m.  Mails to Aylsham and Cromer are sent
off at 6 a.m., and return at 7 p.m.; Drayton, Attlebridge, Cawston,
Coltishall, North Walsham, Stalham, Burlingham, Blofield, Acle, Brooke,
Bergh Apton, Loddon and Reepham, at 6 50 a.m., and return at 6 20 p.m.

There are Foot-posts at 6 40 a.m. from _Norwich_ to Keswick, Mulbarton,
and Bracon Ash; to Hellesdon and Cossey; to Old Lakenham, Caistor, Stoke,
Shottesham, and Saxlingham; to Earlham, Bawburgh, and Marlingford; to
Trowse, Surlingham, and Rockland; to Newmarket Road, Eaton, and
Cringleford; to Easton, Upper Heigham, and Honingham; to New Catton and
Sprowston; also to Mousehold, Great Plumstead, Witton, and Brundall.
From _North Walsham_ to Mundesley; to Bacton; also to Bradfield,
Antingham, Southrepps, and Trimmingham.  From _Hevingham_ to Buxton,
Lammas, Brampton, and Oxnead.  From _Cromer_ to Sherringham.  From
_Blofield_ to South Walsham, Panxworth, Ranworth, Woodbastwick, and
Salhouse.  From _Stalham_ to Happisburgh; to Sutton, Catfield, and
Ludham; to Hickling and Palling.  From _Loddon_ to Heckingham,
Raveningham, Norton, Thurlton, Thorpe, and Haddiscoe.  From _Acle_ to
Moulton, Halvergate, Freethorpe, and Reedham: to Upton.  From _Reepham_
to Sall, Wood Dalling, Heydon, Corpusty, and Saxthorpe.  From
_Attlebridge_ to Morton, Weston, Lenwade, Great Witchingham, Sparham, and
Lyng.  From _Burlingham_ to Lingwood, Strumpshaw, Buckenham, Hassingham,
and Cantley.  From _Attlebridge_ to Swannington, Brandiston,
Haveringland, and Cawston.  From _Filby_ to Stokesby.  From _Hanworth_ to
Barningham.  From _Aylsham_ to Itteringham.  From _Bergh Apton_ to
Thurton and Ashby.  From _Burgh St. Margaret’s_ to Rollesby, Repps, Oby,
Clippesby, and Billockby.  From _Smallburgh_ to Dilham, Honing,
Crostwight, and Ridlington.

The delivery of letters brought by the London Night Mail, the Yarmouth
and Ipswich, commences at 7 a.m.; and those by the London and Ipswich Day
Mails at 5 p.m.—Letters received by the other Mails and Foot-posts
arriving between 6 and 7 p.m., are delivered about 7 15 p.m., including
those from Cromer.

For the London Mail, leaving at 5 40 a.m., letters are received till 5
40; for the same Mail, dispatched at 9 40 p.m., and for the Yarmouth, the
box is closed at 9 0; but letters received till 9 30, _with an extra
stamp affixed_.  For the Ipswich Night Mail, one hour before its
departure; but letters received till 7 10, _with an extra stamp affixed_.
Stamped and unpaid letters may be put into the box till a quarter before
6 a.m., for the local posts.




Villages around Norwich.


BAWBURGH.


BAWBURGH, or BABER, is a small parish and village in Forehoe hundred,
East Norfolk, 3 miles N. of Trowse station, and 5 N.W. of Norwich,
containing 1,400 acres of land; and, in 1851, the population was 460.
The church of St. Walstan is a small old building, with a round tower;
the living is in the gift of the dean and chapter of Norwich; the
incumbent is the Rev. George Carter, M.A. of Norwich.

Blyth, Sarah, victualler, King’s Head
Brown, Daniel, blacksmith
Candler, Edward, corn miller
Child, David, baker
Matthews, W. F., boarding school
Cole, Robert, smith and wheelwright
Cross, Thomas, farmer
Crow, George, farmer, the Hall
Cuthbert, Henry, police officer
Davey, Sarah, shopkeeper
Dunham, James, shoemaker
Fisk, Edward, saddler
Forster, William, victualler, Cock
Hart, Thomas, farmer, the Lodge
Lovett, Edward, shopkeeper
Page, Mr. Robert
Page, Robert, jun., farmer
Reeve, Thomas, butcher
Surgess, Wm., schoolmaster and registrar
Tann, Daniel, carpenter



BEESTON ST. ANDREW.


BEESTON ST. ANDREW is a very small village in Taverham hundred, East
Norfolk, 3½ miles N. of Norwich, containing three farms and a few
cottages.  The “‘Old Hall” was built in 1610, and is still standing.  The
chief part of the land belongs to N. Micklethwaite and O. Barnes,
Esquires.  Sir Thomas B. Leonard, Bart., is lord of the manor.  There is
no church, but a sinecure rectory, in the patronage of the Rev. Henry
Banfather, who is also the incumbent.  The population in 1851 was 41.

Barnes, Orlando, Esq., Old Hall
Bowen, Thomas, farmer
Harcourt, Howlett, farmer, Daily farm
Thompson, Mr. Robert Park Cottage



BOWTHORPE PARISH.


BOWTHORPE parish, 3 miles W. by N. of Norwich, has only 5 houses, 31
souls, and 600 acres of land, all in one farm, the property of R. Frank,
Esq.  The church, dedicated to St. Michael, was unroofed in 1792; but
much of the ruined walls still remain.  The curacy, certified at £15, is
consolidated with Earlham.

Howlett, Mr., farmer



BIXLEY.


A pretty village in the hundred of Henstead, situated on an eminence
about 3 miles S.E. of Norwich, on the Loddon road.  It consists of nearly
700 acres of land, chiefly the property of the Earl of Roseberry, who is
lord of the manor.  The population in 1851 was 128.  Bixley Hall and
Bixley Lodge are two exceedingly pretty seats, the former occupied by
Mrs. Martin, and the latter by Mr. Base.  Here is a large brick-built
windmill, which from its extraordinary height, commands an extensive view
of Norwich and the suburbs.  It is of circular form, measures 100 feet at
the base, and consists of 11 stories.  It is the property of Mr. Charles
Clare, who has a neat residence adjoining.  The church is a small and
ancient structure, built in 1272, with a tower; the interior is neat, and
possesses many ancient monuments.  The living is a rectory, with that of
Framingham Earl annexed, in the gift of the Rev. Chas. David Brereton,
M.A.  The Rev. G. J. Bird is the incumbent.

Base, Mr., the Lodge
Clare, Charles, corn miller
Martin, Mrs., the Hall
Parker, George, farmer
Seamon, William, farmer
Sowter, James, farmer
Sowter, John, farmer



BLOFIELD.


An extensive but detached village and parish, in the hundred of the same
name, East Norfolk, distant from Norwich 7 miles east.  The Norwich and
Yarmouth line of railway passes within a mile and a quarter, and a neat
station-house has been erected at Brundall, 119½ miles from London.  The
parish contains 2,277 acres of land, and the population in 1851 was 1,175
inhabitants.  Petty Sessions are held at the Globe Inn every alternate
Monday; also a statute fair, or sessions for the hiring of servants, a
few days before Michaelmas.  Here is an endowed School for educating poor
boys, which is conducted by Mr. R. J. Codling.  The church, a plain
structure, possesses a fine and lofty tower, containing six bells.  The
interior is neat, and the windows spacious; it was re-pewed in 1819.
There are several ancient tablets, &c.  The living is a rectory, in the
patronage of Caius College, Cambridge.  The present incumbent is the Rev.
Thomas Smith Turnbull, M.A., and his curate, the Rev. J. V. Button, M.A.

Allen, John, farmer
Bailey, John, shoemaker
Bane, J. E., farmer
Barker, Mary, schoolmistress
Bell, Robert, shoemaker
Benns, Thomas, shopkeeper
Benns, Thomas, jun., joiner, &c.
Benstead, Thomas, saddler
Bowen, James, shopkeeper
Brooks, William, farmer
Broom, John, joiner, &c.
Browne, John, beer house
Browne, John, farmer
Browne, William, farmer
Browne, William, jun., farmer
Bulley, Robert, shoemaker
Button, Rev. John V., M.A., curate
Caston, William, butcher
Chapman, Emily, schoolmistress
Chapman, Jeremiah, farmer
Cheyne, John, chimney sweeper
Clarke, Charles, shoemaker
Clarke, William, bricklayer
Codling, John, jun., schoolmaster and registrar of births and deaths
Codling, William H., Union and Magistrates’ clerk and superintendent
registrar
Coleman, Timothy, veterinary surgeon
Cooke, William, Life Commission agent
Eade, Peter, M.D., surgeon and registrar
Edrich, Henry, farmer
Ellis, William, bricklayer
Emms, Henry William, plumber, &c.
Evans, John, cooper
Farman, William, shoemaker
Fisher, William, shopkeeper
Fox, George, plumber, painter, &c.
Fox, Richard, shoemaker
Gapp, Richard, schoolmaster and assistant overseer
Gibbs, Alfred, corn miller
Goulder, Robert, farmer and malster
Goulder, Robert, farmer
Gowen, Benjamin, shoemaker
Gowen, Benjamin, beerhouse
Green, Mr. John
Griston, Francis, tailor
Griston, Matthew, corn miller
Haggata Leonard, (victualler) Swan
Harfley, Tovel, shoemaker
Hazel, Charles, gardener
Hazel, Saml., gardener and pork butcher
King, James, Globe, post-office
Lambert, Thomas, tinman and brazier
Long, Robert, farmer
Lynes, Joseph, junr., joiner, &c.
Lynes, Joseph, machine maker
Massey, A. L. & M., school
Mingay, John W., cabinet-maker
Newby, Daniel, tailor
Onslow, Capt., R.N.
Orsborne, William, farmer
Palmer, Mr. Charles
Postle, Jehosaphat, relieving officer
Postle, Jehosaphat, D., farmer
Postle, Philip, farmer
Read, Richard, cattle dealer
Read, Robert, junr., butcher
Redgment, Robert, butcher
Reynolds, Noah, farmer
Riches, Thomas, farmer
Riston, Thomas E., Esq.
Rogers, Sarah, corn miller
Rushmore, Anthony, bricklayer
Rushmore, Robert, senr., joiner, &c.
Rushmore, Robt., junr., shopkeeper
Sadler, Mrs. W., shopkeeper
Scurll, Wm., blacksmith
Sizer, Henry, blacksmith
Spanton, John, farmer
Stockings, William, joiner, &c.
Sutton, Benjamin, farmer
Tidman, Charles, King’s Head
Trower, John, farmer
Tuck, John Henry, Esq., High house
Tuck, the Misses
Tunmore, John, sawyer
Tunmore, John, farmer
Turnbull, Rev. T. S., M.A., Rectory
Waters, Robert, junr., farmer
Waters, William, farmer
Womack, Lindoe, Esq.
Waters, R., carrier to Norwich, Saturday



POST OFFICE.


                    King, James, receiver, Globe Inn.

  Letters received from Norwich, ¼ past 7 a.m., and dispatched ¼ past 5
                                   p.m.



PUBLIC OFFICERS.


_Clerk to Magistrates and Union_, W. H. Codling.  _Registrar_, Peter
Eade, junr., Surgeon.  _Relieving Officer_, Jehosaphat Postle.
_Superintendent Registrar_, W. H. Codling.  _Assistant Overseer and
General Collector_, Richard R. Gapp.



BRADESTONE.


A long, straggling village, adjoining Brundall station, and extending 1¾
miles further E. by S., 7 miles E. of Norwich, and 126½ from London, in
Blofield hundred, East Norfolk; containing about 160 inhabitants, and 510
acres of land, chiefly the property of T. G. Tuck, Esq., the lord of the
adjoining manor, who farms the principal part of the land.  The church of
St. Michael is a handsome building with square tower, principally of
flint, situated in a meadow half a mile N.E. of the village.  The living
is a rectory consolidated with Strumpshaw, and the incumbent is the Rev.
E. S. Whitbread.

Agus, Sarah, victualler, White Horse
Chapman, Mary, shopkeeper
Gilbert, T. W., Esq., hall
Laws, William, shopkeeper
Miller, Wm. Chas., land agent
Postle, John, coal merchant
Smith James, blacksmith



BRAMERTON.


A parish in Henstead hundred, East Norfolk, beautifully situated 2 miles
west of Rockland, 118 miles from London, and 4¾ S.E. of Norwich station.
The population in 1851 was 227, and it contains 728 acres of rich land,
belonging to several owners, the largest of whom is John Blake, Esq., who
resides at the Hall, a mansion facing the common, which has been recently
enclosed.  The church of St. Peter is an ancient structure, rebuilt in
1462; it has a square tower, ornamented with small spires at each corner.
The living is a rectory, in the gift of Robert Fellowes, Esq.  The Rev.
Edmund Blake is the incumbent, who resides in the rectory house adjoining
the church.  Here is a small Free School.

Balls, Robert, H., cattle salesman
Beaumont, Robert, farmer
Beaumont, Henry, carpenter
Blake, John, Esq., hall
Blake, Rev. Edmund, M.A., rectory
Forder, John, shopkeeper
Frost, James, gardener
Miller, James, farmer
Orsborne, Jacob, farmer
Reeve, John, gardener
Rudd, Robert, farmer
Todd, David, blacksmith
Tubbs, William, farmer
Turner, Samuel, victualler, Wood’s End ferry
Wilde, William, coroner for the City of Norwich



BUCKENHAM FERRY.


A parish and pleasant village on a bold elevation above the Yare, nine
miles E. by S. of Norwich, comprises 907 acres of land, 12 houses, and 56
souls.  Sir Wm. B. Proctor, Bart. owns all the land (except 37a. of
glebe), and is lord of the manor, and patron of the living.  The church,
dedicated to St. Nicholas, a venerable structure, with an octagonal
tower, was thoroughly repaired in 1820.

Beauchamp, Rev. Henry Thomas, rectory
Green, John, farmer
Layton, Charles, victualler, Three Horse Shoes
Waters, Benjamin, farmer, White Horse



CAISTOR.


A small and scattered village and parish, in Henstead hundred, East
Norfolk; distant 2 miles from Swainsthorpe station, 110 from London, and
3 miles from Norwich; contained in 1851, 154 inhabitants, and 1020 acres
of land.  This unimportant village was once a flourishing city and
fortified town, also a Roman station of great importance; traces of its
walls, &c., are still to be seen.  The church is a small building, and
the living is a rectory in the gift of Mrs. Dashwood, of Caistor Hall,
who is also lady of the manor; the incumbent is the Rev. John Arthy.

Caistor is supposed to be the capital of the Iceni, a Belgic tribe, and
was by the Romans called Venta Icenorum; and for distinction, Castrum,
the camp, whence the East English on their conquest of the country,
called it Caistor.  Many Roman antiquities have been found here, and the
camp and Roman tower were preserved from intended destruction by a
railway.

Arthy, Rev. John, M.A., rectory
Cogman, John, blacksmith
Cullin, Thomas, farmer, French farm
Dashwood, Mrs. Harriet, the Hall
Davey, Alfred, carpenter and wheelwright
Hewitt, Benjamin, gardener
King, Alfred, farmer
Spurrell, James, farmer, Old Hall
Williamson, Thomas, High Ash



CARLTON ST. MARY.


CARLTON ST. MARY, or EAST CARLTON, is a parish and scattered village, in
Humbleyard hundred and Henstead Union, East Norfolk; distant from
Swainsthorpe station 2 miles N.W., and Norwich 5 miles S.W. by S.,
containing 284 inhabitants in 1851, and 1,116 acres of land.

The Church of St. Peter went to ruins in 1550, but its discharged
Rectory, valued at £140, still remains as a sinecure in the gift of the
crown, and incumbency of the Rev. Samuel Barker, of Lakenhall, in
Suffolk.

The Church of St. Mary is a small edifice with a short tower surmounted
with a wooden spire.  The living is a Rectory, valued, in the King’s
book, at £4, and in 1831 at £181, in the patronage of the Norwich Charity
Trustees, and incumbency of the Rev. Robert John Francis, for whom the
Rev. Frederic Cavill officiates.

Aldborough, William, gardener
Bunting, John, wheelwright
Cavill, Rev. Frederick
Freestone, Edward, attorney, Lodge
Forster, William, blacksmith
Huggins, William, farmer
Points, William, farmer
Richards, James, farmer
Smith, Mr. Matthew, Carlton house
Steward, Rev. John Henry
Thrower, Isaac, shoemaker



CATTON.


CATTON is a picturesque village, containing many very pretty seats, about
2½ miles N. of Norwich Station, and 116 miles from London, with 900 acres
of land; and in 1851, a population of 618.  This being a short distance
from the City of Norwich, many opulent merchants have residences here.

The Church of St. Margaret is a very neat and pretty building, with an
ancient round tower, octagonal at the top.  The inside of the church is
in excellent repair; it was enlarged and beautifully restored in
1850–1852, at the expence of nearly £1,000, and contains some good
specimens of carving and stained glass.  The living is a vicarage in the
gift of the Dean and Chapter of Norwich, and the vicar is the Rev.
Richard Hart, B.A.  There are several bequests for the poor; also a Free
School, supported by subscription.

Attoe, George, lime burner
Badcock, William, blacksmith
Barker, William, farmer
Belman, Rev.
Chamberlin, Robert, Esq.
Cooke, Henry, Esq.
Cuddon, James, Esq.
Dickson, Owen, farmer
Foulsham, Miss
Gurney, John Henry, Esq., M.P.
Guymer, Joseph, carpenter and wheelwright
Guymer, Richard, carpenter, parish clerk
Guymer, William, senr., carpenter
Guymer, William, junr., carpenter
Hart, Rev. Richard, vicar
Hawtayne, Admiral
Heath, Charles, Esq.
Hind, Ephraim, farmer
Hipper, Robert, Maid’s Head
Holmes, Edmund, licensed to let horses and flys for hire
Howald, John, boot and shoemaker
Jackson, Samuel, tailor
Minty, Miss Mary
Neale, William, blacksmith
Newman, Mrs. Mary A., laundress
Orsborne, Mark, the Woodman
Paul, William, shoemaker, George inn
Plowman, Robert, saddler, Magpie inn
Potter, Ambrose, grocer
Powley, Jonathan, Royal Oak
Rackham, Thomas H., solicitor
Springfield, Osborn, Esq.
Walker, Thomas, baker



COSTESSEY.


COSTESSEY, a parish and town corrupted into COSSEY, is pleasantly
situated 4½ miles N.W. of Norwich.  The Hall is the seat of Lord
Stafford, and stands in an extensive park, close to the Wensum.  A fine
sheet of water crosses the park.

The Church of St. Edmund, 1½ mile east of the hall, is a large building
with square tower and lofty wooden spire.  The living is a perpetual
Curacy, in the gift of the Trustees of the Great Hospital, and enjoyed by
the Rev. James William Evans, M.A., who resides here.  There is a
National School, a large Roman Catholic School, and a handsome Roman
Catholic Chapel.  The Baptists have a Chapel.

Baker, B., butcher
Banham, James, well-sinker
Banham, William, farmer and butcher
Barker, Robert, farmer
Bealey, Thomas, shopkeeper and wheelwright
Blowers, John, land agent, Hall
Cannell, Jacob, butcher
Cole, William, gardener
Culley, Henry Utting, corn miller
Culley, John, farmer
Cushion, William, shoemaker
Evans, Rev. James W., Cottage
Fairman, Benjamin, basket-maker
Frost, Philip, National school
Grant, Joseph, glass-stainer
Gunton, Edward, victualler, Red Lion
Gunton, George, brickmaker
Hall, Horatio, druggist and grocer
Harman, James, farmer, Park
Harman, Leonard, spirit merchant
Hastings, Edward, carpenter
Hastings, William, carpenter
Howard, Peter, farmer
Hudson, James, victualler, Falcon
Husenbeth, Rev. F. C., D.D. (Catholic)
Ivory, Rev. John, (Baptist)
Jewell, Samuel, veterinary surgeon
Kidd, S. L. S., bricklayer and lime-burner
Kidd, Mr. Thomas
Laws, Mark, shoemaker
Ling, Daniel, farmer
Lovett, Mary, farmer
Martin, Edmund, farmer
Miller, John, beerhouse
Norman, John, bricklayer and limeburner
Perry, John L., grocer and draper
Rising, Robert C., farmer, Lodge
Sadler, John, shoemaker
Savage, George, saddler
Sidney, Robert C., shopkeeper
Sisson, Thomas, victualler, Black Swan
Smith, Charles, registrar of marriages
Sparks, Mary, British school
Spaul, John, tailor
Spaul, John, shopkeeper
Taylor, Mrs., victualler, White Hart
Taylor, John, watchmaker (victualler), the Bush
Taylor, Wm., farmer
Watcham, Charles, butcher
White, John, gamekeeper, Park
Whiteman, Richard, woodman
Whighton, John, gardener
Wymer, Harriet, National school

        Carrier to Norwich, Mrs. Whighton, Wednesday and Saturday.



CRINGLEFORD.


A small village and parish in Humbleyard hundred, about 2½ miles
south-west of Norwich, near Hethersett Station, and 120 miles from
London.  It contains nearly 1000 acres of land, and the population in
1851 was 189.

The Church of St. Peter is a neat building with a square tower.  The
living is a perpetual curacy, in the gift of the Trustees of the Great
Hospital, Norwich; the incumbent is the Rev. Edward Priest, B.A.  There
is a large corn mill, of ancient establishment, on the river Yare, and a
good bridge.

Burton, William, toll-keeper
Candler, Horatio, miller
Canham, Mr., farmer
Cracknell, John, wheelwright and smith
Davie, Rev. W. C.
Drane, William, farmer
Pagenstecher, G., Ph.  D.
Priest, Rev. E. B., B.A.
Smith, Rev. William



DRAYTON.


A compact and pleasant village in Taverham hundred, East Norfolk, and the
vale of the river Wensum.  It is situated about 4 miles N.W. of Norwich
station, and 117½ from London.  The church of St. Margaret is a plain
building with thatched roof.  A new tower has just been erected; the
inside contains several monuments.  The living, in the gift of the Bishop
of Norwich, is a rectory consolidated with Hellesdon, and held by the
Rev. Thomas Calthorpe Blofield, M.A., incumbent, who resides at the
Rectory, a neat dwelling.  There are a Baptist Chapel, and a Free School
for boys and girls.  The parish contains 1,284 acres of land, and in 1851
the population was 472.

Adcock, Edmund, farmer
Adcock, William, shoemaker
Arger, John, pork butcher
Arger, William, gardener and butcher
Beasey, John, shoemaker
Blyth, Matthew, beer retailer
Blyth, Matthew, junr., carpenter
Blyth, William, carpenter
Bradshaw, Fras. G. and F. W., Esqrs., D. house
Bunn, Samuel, farmer
Buttle, Henry, shopkeeper
Cannell, John, blacksmith
Collins, William, victualler, Red Lion
Fenn, Robert, shoemaker
French, Ann, farmer
Green, Rev. J. Spurgeon, curate, M.A.
Hipper, Thomas, butcher
Howard, Jeremiah, flour and saw mills
Laton, Charles Henry, Esq., Lodge
March, John, shopkeeper
Mumford, George, gardener
Oxley, Misses Elizabeth and Margaret
Thomas, Robert, carpenter and victualler, Cock
West, John, beerhouse



DUNSTON.


A small parish on the river Tas, in Humbleyard hundred, distant from
Swainsthorpe station 2 miles N.E., and from Norwich 4 miles; contained,
in 1851, 126 inhabitants, and 613 acres of land, principally the property
of Robert Kellett Long, Esq., of Dunston Hall, who is also lord of the
manor.  The church of St. Remigius is a small building; it has a brass in
the chancel.

Brighton, Robert, cottager
Byles, Benjamin, farmer
Fish, Mr. John
Lincoln, Jeremiah, farm bailiff
Long, Robert Kellett, Esq., the Hall
Moy, John, tea-dealer
Symonds, Robert, gardener
Wenn, Rev. J. W., curate



EATON.


A small village and parish in the county of Norwich, from which city and
station it is distant 2 miles south-west.  The dean and chapter of
Norwich are lords of the manor, which contains about 1,300 acres of land.
The church is dedicated to St. Andrew.  The population in 1851 was 785.
Rev. George Day, incumbent.

Ewing, John William, nurseryman, seedsman, and limeburner
Fish, Miles, boot and shoemaker, Cellar House
George, Thomas William, licensed brewer
Jeffries, John, butcher
Newson, Henry, grocer and tea-dealer
Nixon, Robert, the Lamb
Starrad, James, Red Lion
Thirkettle, William, blacksmith
Webb, William, grocer, post office



GREAT MELTON.


GREAT MELTON, 3 miles N. of Hethersett station, and 5½ west of Norwich,
with 393 inhabitants, and 2,540 acres of land.  The church of St. Mary
has a square tower, built in 1440, containing 3 bells.  The living is a
rectory, in the gift of Caius College, Cambridge; and the incumbent is
the Rev. Charles Eyers.

Andrews, John, carpenter
Bloom, Thomas, farmer
Burrell, John, farmer
Cox, Alfred, smith and victualler, Green Man
Eyers, Rev. Charles, rectory
Gee, Mary Ann, school-teacher
Howard, Matthew, farmer
Howett, William, gardener
Pearson, George and James, farmer
Reynolds, John, farmer
Rose, Philip, farmer
Rose, Mr. Thomas
Sutton, Wm., farmer



GREAT PLUMSTEAD.


A small village and parish in Blofield hundred, East Norfolk, distant
from Norwich 5 miles east; the population was returned in 1851, at 359
inhabitants.

The church of St. Mary is a plain building, partly of brick.  The living
is a perpetual curacy, in the gift of the Dean and Chapter of Norwich;
the incumbent is the Rev. Edward Cole.

Abigail, Samuel, farmer
Brown, Robert, farmer
Campbell, Fras. Alex., Esq.
Chenery, Robert, machine maker
Clarke, Jonathan, shoemaker
Cockrell, John, blacksmith
Cole, Rev. Edward, curate
Foster, Mr. Francis
Gedge, William, carpenter
Gooch, Thomas, carpenter
Goose, William, farmer
Gostling, John, farmer
Hambleton, John, farmer
King, Randall, farmer
Lond, Thomas, shoemaker
Maidstone, Jonathan, shopkeeper
Maidstone, Robert, farmer
Newman, Robert, farmer
Pile, Henry, victualler, Hare
Scott, Jonathan, farmer
Summons, Francis, shoemaker
Sutton, Thomas, smith and farrier



HELLESDON.


HELLESDON, or HELLESDEN, situated in Taverham hundred, about 2 miles N.W.
of Norwich station, and 115½ from London, and lying in a vale on the
verge of the Wensum.  In 1851 the population was 467, but a great part is
at Hellesdon hamlet, in the county of the city of Norwich.  There is a
small but neat church, dedicated to St. Mary; it is square built, without
a tower, but has a neat wooden belfry and spire.  The living, a Rectory
consolidated with that of Drayton, is in the gift of the Bishop of
Norwich, and the incumbent is the Rev. T. C. Blofield.  There is a large
corn mill; and a National School was erected in Hellesdon hamlet in 1852.

                   Those marked * reside in the Hamlet.

* Abbs, Isaac, shopkeeper
* Armes, Timothy, cowkeeper
* Baker, Timothy, corn miller
* Baldry, John, gardener
* Basey, John, cowkeeper
* Batson, Edward, corn miller
* Beales, Mr. Robert
* Bleakley, Elizabeth, farmer
Blyth, James, carpenter
* Brown, Rev. Philip Utting
* Clarke, Horace J., manufacturer
* Clement, Gallant, gardener
Cross, George farmer
Delane, Mr. William
Denington, Job, gardener
Gowing, George, farmer, Old Hall
* Greenfield, Samuel, gardener
Holman, Josiah, blacksmith
* Kenney, Mr. Edward
* Knopwood, John, victualler, Windmill
* Lemmon, Edward, shoemaker
* Lock, Miss Elizabeth
* Porrett, William, butcher
* Reynolds, Joshua, corn miller
Sharman, Mr. John
* Steward, Samuel W. P., brickmaker
* Tallowin, Josiah, victualler, Mile Cross
* Upton, James, gardener
Wells, W. H., corn miller
White, George, grocer
* Wright, Harriet, schoolmistress



HETHERSETT.


A railway station, and neat and extensive village and parish on the Ely
and Norwich railway, in Humbleyard hundred, East Norfolk, distant from
London 120 miles, Wymondham 5 miles, and 6 from Norwich.  There are
several donations bequeathed by different parties, principally for the
benefit of the poor of this parish, which are distributed annually.
Petty Sessions are held at the Queen’s Head.  Here are Chapels for
Wesleyans and Primitive Methodists; also a National School for boys and
girls, which are both well attended, conducted by Mr. and Mrs. Curson.

The church, which is plain, with a square tower and small wooden spire,
has five bells.  The living is a rectory, with Canteloff annexed, in the
gift of Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge.  The Oak of Reformation,
under which Kett and the Norfolk rebels took their Oath of Covenant in
1549, is still alive.  The number of acres is 2,635, and the population
1,209.  The station is in Ketteringham, about a mile distant.

Andrew, Rev. William W.
Back, Henry, farmer
Baker, Benjamin, farmer
Bale, Thomas, poulterer
Blomfield, Miles, farmer, Holly Farm
Brown, Edward, farmer
Buckingham, Nicholas, farmer
Clarke, Julia, grocer, tea dealer, and draper
Clarke, Rowland, baker
Cullingham, John, boot and shoe-maker
Cursons, John, boot and shoe-maker, parish clerk
Curson, Smith, National Schoolmaster
Davey, Robert, farmer
Dickman, John
Emms, Mrs., tuscan and straw bonnet maker
Fish, John
Fisk, Edward, harness maker
Ford, William, butcher, King’s Head
Fox, James, Greyhound
Gurney, Mrs. Mary, Thickthorne Hall
Guyton, Henry, miller
Hoste, Lady
Hurn, Thomas, blacksmith
Langford, Captain George
Lofty, Jeremiah, builder
Morter, William, glover, boot and shoemaker
Parker, Lofty, Queen’s Head and post-office
Reynolds, Susanna, grocer
Richardson, Hardiman, farmer
Secret, William, pensioner
Sewell, Mrs.
Sharman, Thomas, tailor and draper
Smith, James, farmer
Smith, James, jun., farmer
Stannard, William, farmer
Thrower, James, veterinary surgeon
Traxton, James, tailor and draper
Thraxton, Richard, carpenter
Worgate, T. S., Esq.
Youngman, William, miller



HILLINGTON.


HILLINGTON, or HELLINGTON.  A parish and small village, 7 miles S.E. from
Norwich, is in Loddon hundred and Clavering Union, East Norfolk,
containing 87 inhabitants.  The area of the parish is 516 acres, which
belong to Miss Barham, J. Marcom, Esq., Richard Denny, Esq. and Doughty’s
Hospital, Norwich.  The church of St. John the Baptist is small, with a
round tower.

Barham, Judith
Hurrell, John, butcher
Martin, William, farmer
Thorpe, Robert, butcher



HONINGHAM.


A village and parish in the hundred of Forehoe, East Norfolk, distant
from Norwich and East Dereham 8 miles.  This parish contains 232
inhabitants, and 2,522 acres of land.  The church of St. Andrew is a
small building; the rectory is in the gift of the Rev. George Bayning.
Here is a National School.

Balls, Thomas, farmer
Bayning, Rt. Hon. and Rev. Lord
Beckett, William, gardener and shopkeeper
Child, James, blacksmith
Doubleday, Elizabeth, milliner
Ephraim, Job, national school
Gooch, Stephen, farmer
Grand, Charles, shoemaker
Grand, John, tailor
Hipkin, Stephen, farmer
Neeve, Robert Johnson, corn miller
Reeve, Howard, farmer
Reeve, William, farmer, plumber, and glazier
Spratt, Mrs., national school
Thurston, John, farmer
Ward, Rev. W. C., curate
Young, James, victualler, Buck



HORSHAM ST. FAITH’S.


A parish in Taverham hundred, East Norfolk, better known as ST. FAITH’S,
including NEWTON ST. FAITH, one mile further north, on the direct road to
Aylsham from Norwich, and distant 5 miles north of the latter station, 7
miles south of Aylsham, and 118½ from London, containing, in 1851, 923
inhabitants in Horsham, and 288 in Newton.  The church of the Virgin Mary
is an old building, with four large windows, and high embattled tower of
Gothic architecture.  The land comprises 2,700 acres of tolerably good
land, belonging to several proprietors, the largest of whom is Lord
Viscount Ranelagh, who is lord of the manor and patron of the living a
curacy, enjoyed by the Rev. William Atthill, M.A.  The Wesleyans have a
chapel here, and also one at Newton St. Faith’s.  The Union Workhouse,
half a mile north-east of the church, is a large brick building, with
accommodation for 300 inmates.  There is a large cattle fair held for
three weeks, commencing October 17th, where a vast quantity of cattle
from Scotland and the surrounding country is sent.  Here was anciently a
market, a Benedictine priory, founded in 1105, and an hospital of Knights
Templars.


ST. FAITH’S UNION WORKHOUSE.


The Rev. A. S. Warner, _Chaplain_.  Robert Thompson, Esq., _Surgeon_.
James and Mahala Goodchild, _Master and Matron_.  Esther Goodchild,
_Assistant Matron_.  Joseph and Elizabeth Howlett, _Schoolmaster and
Schoolmistress_.  Andrew Child, _Porter_.  30 parishes in Union.

Atthill, Rev., William, rector of St. Faith’s; h Horsford
Barker, Edward, horse farrier
Batley, Stephen, cabinet and chair maker
Blyth, John, boot and shoe maker
Bridges, John, boot and shoe maker
Britcher, William, the Crown
Bullard, Robert, shopkeeper and butcher
Cable, Robert, King’s Head
Carman, Philip Lincoln, superintendent registrar
Cooper, James, gardener
Eglington, Richard, miller and farmer
Forster, William, bricklayer
Gear, Joseph, and Potter, Eliza, superintendents of the day and sunday
schools
Harper, Elizabeth, shopkeeper
Hook, Samuel B., tailor
Holmes, George, clerk to St. Faith’s church
Kerry, Henry, tailor
Lovick, John, beer retailer and farmer
Lovick, Samuel, baker
Newton, Edward, the Crown
Nunn, Eve Elizabeth, Jolly Butchers
Osborn, George, haircutter
Pearce, John, smith in general
Painter, Thomas, boot and shoe maker
Priestley, William Stanton, surgeon
Reynolds, Charlotte, day school for children
Reynolds, Edward, farmer
Reynolds, James, corn and seed merchant
Rice, James, Black Swan, and post-office
Scarnett, John, farmer and builder
Scarnett, John, general shopkeeper and blacksmith
Snelling, Elizabeth, Cross Keys
Webb, Benjamin, shopkeeper and basket-maker
West, John, farmer
Woolsey, Alfred, shopkeeper
Youngs, Peter, saddle and harness maker



INTWOOD.


A very small village and parish, pleasantly situated near the Hethersett
station, 3½ miles S.W. of Norwich, containing upwards of 600 acres of
land, all the property of Joseph Salisbury Muskett, Esq., who rebuilt the
hall in splendid style.  The church of All Saints is in the patronage of
J. S. Muskett, Esq., and the incumbent is the Rev. W. Day, M.A.  The
population in 1851 was 73.

Allden, William Spratt, farmer
Clarke, Jacob, gardener
Davie, Rev. W. C., curate
Muskett, J. Salisbury, Esq., hall



KESWICK.


KESWICK is a small parish in Humbleyard hundred, 3 miles S.S.W. from
Norwich.  The population in 1851 was 126.  The London and Norwich railway
passes close to the village, which contains 722 acres of land,
principally belonging to Hudson Gurney, Esq., who is lord of the manor,
and occupies the New Hall.

Bennett, James, gardener, old hall
Birkbeck, Mrs. Elizabeth Lucy, old hall
Blomfield, Miles, corn miller
Edwards, John, farmer and land agent
Emms, Frederic, gardener, new hall
Gurney, Hudson, Esq., new hall
Phillips, James, gardener, new hall



KETTERINGHAM.


KETTERINGHAM is a small village and parish in Humbleyard hundred, distant
from Wymondham station 3½ miles, and six from Norwich.  The principal
part of the land in this parish belongs to Sir John Peter Boileau, Bart.
The church is a neat building.  The living is a vicarage, in the gift of
Sir John P. Boileau, and the incumbent is the Rev. W. W. Andrew.  The
number of acres is 1,600, and the population 209.

Beadley, Miss Caroline
Blomfield, William, farmer
Boileau, Sir J. Peter, Bart., hall
Cook, John Sewell, farmer
Easton, George, gardener
Hunter, Robert, carpenter
Ringer, John Michael, farm bailiff
Thrower, James, blacksmith



KIRBY BEDON.


KIRBY BEDON, a village 4½ miles S.E. of Norwich, in the Henstead hundred.
Its houses are scattered; containing 296 inhabitants, and 1362 acres,
belonging to several proprietors.  Sir H. J. Stracey, Charles Lombe,
Esq., and Edward Lombe, Esq., are lords of the manor, to whom great part
of the land belong.  The church of St. Andrew’s stands on a height, and
is a low square building with thatched roof, and a tower with a base of
flint about 10 feet high, and the upper part of wood.  The inside is
plain, and contains several monuments to the Brooke family; also an
ancient sculpture, representing a man and woman kneeling at the altar,
but time has nearly obliterated the inscription.  The living is a
rectory, enjoyed by the Rev. E. Day.  The old hall, a very ancient
mansion—the lower part only now remains, which is inhabited by labourers.

Bird, Joseph, farmer
Clare, Charles, junr., farmer
Day, Rev. Edward, rectory
Drake, George F., Esq.
Horne, Robert, victualler, Stracey Arms, and gardener
Mendham, Mr. Richard
Neeve, Richard, gardener and shopkeeper
Money, William F., farmer
Seal, John, blacksmith
Smith, Robert, shoemaker
Varville, James, farmer and brickmaker
Woolsey, Jeremiah, farmer and brickmaker



LITTLE MELTON.


A parish, with 379 inhabitants, principally small farmers.  The lord of
this manor is — Lombe, Esq., to whom belongs the greater part of the
land, which comprises nearly 700 acres.  The church, St. James’, is a
small thatched building, with a square tower.  The living is a vicarage
in the patronage of Emanuel College, Cambridge.  The incumbent is the
Rev. J. C. Berkley, M.A.

Aldred, Thomas D., farmer
Andrews, John, carpenter and beerhouse
Barnes, Mary, shopkeeper
Berkley, Rev. J. C., vicar
Beverley, Miss Mary
Child, Charles and Mary, school teachers
Coggle, John, farmer
Davey, John, gardener
Eadon, E., gardener
Forster, Thomas, farmer and parish clerk
Fox, Edmund, plumber and glazier
Gaff, John, farmer
Howard, Mr. Thomas
Kemp, John, gardener
Lovett, John W., corn miller
Long, James, farmer
Ringer, Daniel, farmer
Rudd, Francis G., farmer
Webster, James, gardener



LITTLE PLUMSTEAD.


A small, neat village and parish in Blofield hundred, contained, in 1851,
309 inhabitants; distant from Norwich 6 miles E. by north.  The church
(St. Gervase) is a small neat building, with a square tower.  The inside
is tastefully fitted up, and contains several handsome monuments.  A
handsome painted window is placed at the east end.

Boast, Moses, farmer
Bolton, John, farmer
Bussey, Benjamin, parish clerk
Crow, Robert, farmer
George, John, farmer
Goulder, Robert, farmer
Green, James, brick and tile maker
Jones, Peter, farmer
Morter, Robert, shopkeeper
Nicholls, John, farmer
Read, George, farmer
Spanton, Francis, victualler, Brick Kilns
Worth, Misses Susan, Maria and Sophia, the Hall



MARSHAM.


A parish and considerable village in South Erpingham hundred, Aylsham
Union, East Norfolk, 2 miles south of Aylsham, and 10 north from Norwich:
contained, in 1851, 662 inhabitants.  The area of the parish is 1,819
acres; the soil belongs to various owners.  W. Repton, Esq., is lord of
the manor.

The church of All Saints has a nave, chancel, and square tower, 8 bells,
and an ancient screen and font.  The chancel has some stones to the
memory of the Norris and other families.  The living is a rectory, in the
gift of the Earl of Lichfield; the Rev. John Gunton, B.A., is the
incumbent, by whom a neat rectory house has been built, assisted by Queen
Anne’s bounty, the tithes commuted for £344.  The poor’s land produces a
rental of £16 5s. per annum.  Here is a school, supported by the rector.
The Primitive Methodists have a chapel here.

Cook, John, shopkeeper and brickmaker
Elvin, David, miller
Elvin, William, shopkeeper
Farmer, James, farmer
Forster, William, schoolmaster to parish school
Gunton, Rev. John, rector
Howlett, John, farmer
Jones, John, boot and shoe maker and shopkeeper
Jones, John, farmer
Jones, Robert, boot and shoe maker
Kellington, Samuel, post-office
Lake, William, White Hart
Lambert, John, farmer
Marsham, Rev. Henry, rector of Brampton and curate of Stratton, Marsham
Hall
Mason, Edward, Plough and Shuttle
Moore, Edward, blacksmith
Skipper, Isaac, boot and shoe maker
Soam, Peter, farmer
Spink, Peter, shopkeeper
Tredwell, John, farmer
Warnes, Miss Elizabeth
Warnes, Mrs. Emily, Baldwick Hall
Watts and Brothers, farmers
Wighton, Thomas, farmer



MULBARTON.


A village and parish in Humbleyard hundred, East Norfolk, near the
Swainsthorpe station, 109 miles from London, and 5 S.W. from Norwich,
containing 587 inhabitants, and 1350 acres of land.  The church of St.
Mary Magdalen has some old tombs.  The rectory is in the gift of the Rev.
J. H. Steward; and the Rev. Richard Gay Lucas, B.A., is the incumbent.
Petty Sessions are held on the third Monday of every month, at the
World’s End Inn, where there is an Odd Fellows’ Lodge, M.U.

Banham, John, carpenter
Barrell, Samuel, miller
Barrell, William, miller
Blake, John, farmer and butcher
Blake, Robert, farmer and butcher
Brett, Major, the Lodge
Claxton, George, farmer
Cremer, Charles, miller
Dye, Robert, shoemaker
Gowing, Samuel, farmer
Harvey, William, farmer
Lane, John, farmer
Lucas, Rev. Richard Gay, B.A., rectory
Norris, Mr. James
Norris, Mr. John
Overed, Walter, veterinary surgeon
Petchall, Mark B., shoemaker
Rice, James, blacksmith
Rice, Robert, wheelwright, &c.
Squires, Paul, Esq., the Hall
Todd, John, post-office
Todd, William, World’s End
Turner, James, yeoman
Turner, John, yeoman
Wright, William, tailor



PANXWORTH.


A village in Walsham hundred, comprising 600 acres of good land, situated
9 miles E. of Norwich, and 5 N. of Brundall station, containing 134
inhabitants, wholly dependent on agriculture.  A new Church was built in
1847, at a cost of £500.  The benefice is a rectory, consolidated with
Woodbastwick, and enjoyed by the Rev. Henry Dunster, M.A.

Easton, Robert, farmer and maltster
Ely, Elijah, veterinary surgeon and victualler, Red Lion inn
Riches, John, farmer
Rix, Matthew, grocer
Rose, William, farmer
Starling, Thomas, blacksmith
Thirtle, Robert, gamekeeper
Wyatt, Elijah, miller



RACKHEATH.


RACKHEATH, in Taverham hundred, 4½ miles N.E. of Norwich, was originally
divided into two parishes, called Great and Little Rackheath, now united
in one.  The population in 1851 was 281, employed chiefly in husbandry.
The houses are very widely spread; some are two miles distant from each
other.  The parish contains about 2000 acres.  The Hall, a splendid
mansion, has lately been much added to and embellished by the present
owner, Sir Henry J. Stracey; it is in the centre of a large and
well-wooded park.  The Grange is also an adjoining estate, belonging to
the same owner.  He is also lord of the manor, and patron of the church
of All Saints, which stands half a mile from the village, in a meadow.
The incumbent is the Rev. F. H. S. Hodgson.  There is also a Free School,
supported by Sir H. J. Stracey.  Here was formerly a Priory.

Aldous, Frederic, farmer
Buttifant, William, farmer
Clark, John, W. victualler, Green Man
Davey, Emma, school-mistress
Etheridge, Thomas, farmer
Forder, Joseph, blacksmith
George, Henry, farmer
Gillingwater, Edward, gardener
Goulder, Christmas E., farm bailiff
Pyle, Robt., farmer, Green Farm
Stracey, Sir Henry J., the Hall
Ward, James, shopkeeper
Watts, Robert, farmer



ROCKLAND ST. MARY’S.


A large village, pleasantly situated in Henstead Union, 6 miles S.E. of
Norwich, with 485 inhabitants, and containing 1,338 acres of rich,
well-cultivated land, in the vale of the Yare.  Sir Charles H. Rich is
lord of the chief manor, and the present proprietors are Hudson Gurney,
Esq., and Robert Gilbert, jun., Esq.  The church (St. Mary) is a neat
building, on a height, and commands an extensive view of the country: it
has a chancel and aisle, with thatched roof, and a small square tower.
The ivy-covered ruins of another church are still visible in the same
churchyard.  The living is a rectory annexed to Holverstone, in the gift
of Queen’s College, Cambridge, and incumbency of the Rev. J. Dewe, B.A.,
who lives in the rectory, a new residence adjoining the churchyard; and
at the southern extremity of the village, in a vale of the river Yare, is
the New Inn, commanding a most extensive view of the river and broad, or
lake, of nearly 100 acres.  There is a National School for educating 50
children.

Beeston, Robert, smith and iron-founder
Blaza, Philip, farmer
Blake, George, brickmaker
Blake, Robert, shopkeeper
Coleman, Mr. John
Coleman, Rhoda, school-mistress
Dewe, Rev. Joseph, B.D., Rectory
Edwards, John, farmer
Forder, Richard, carpenter
Forder, Robert, thatcher
George, George, farmer
Gilbert, Robert, farmer
Goodrum, Richard, farmer
Potter, James, gardener
Rudd, Henry, victualler, the Crown
Roberts, James, shopkeeper and wheel-wright
Rudd, Miss Jane
Minns, George, farmer
Nobbs, Samuel, farmer
Thurston, Robert, saddler
West, John, victualler, Star
Watson, William, victualler, New Inn
Wickham, James, bricklayer



SPIXWORTH.


A small agricultural village in Taverham hundred, about 4½ miles N. of
Norwich.  It contains about 2000 acres of land; and in 1851 the
population was 41.  The church of St. Peter is a neat building, with two
large Gothic windows; it has a small but lofty tower.  The inside
contains several monuments to the memory of the Pecks and also the
Longes.

Broughton, John, blacksmith
Eaton, George, farmer
Holmes, Benjamin, farmer
Howes, Rev. George, Rectory
Longe, John, Esq., Hall
Porter, Mrs. Jane, farmer



STRUMPSHAW.


STRUMPSHAW is a parish and scattered village, distant 8½ miles E. of
Norwich, 1¾ mile N. from Buckenham station, and 122 miles from London; in
Blofield hundred and Union, East Norfolk.  The church of St. Peter has a
square tower, containing 3 bells.  The living is a rectory, value about
£520, with that of Bradestone.  The Rev. E. S. Whitbread, M.A., is patron
and incumbent: there are about 64 acres of glebe land attached.  The
parish contains about 1,337 acres; and the population in 1851 was 441.
There are a few small charities, distributed in fuel and wheat, left by
the late Mr. Black.

Alexander, Thomas, tailor
Atkins, Thomas, farmer
Barnes, John T., farmer
Burton, Mr. Robert
Chapman, John, miller
Culley, Mr., boarding academy
Denton, James, timber merchant
Dingle, John, shopkeeper
Goffin, Alexander, bricklayer
Goffin, Thomas, brickmaker
Hylton, John, blacksmith
Oakley, Thomas, parish clerk
Plow, Christopher, shoemaker
Porter, Benjamin, coal merchant
Postle, Thomas, farmer
Pyle, John, farmer
Shrewe, John, victualler, Goat
Simmons, Thomas, gardener
Smith, Richard, blacksmith
Spooner, John, wheelwright and victualler, Shoulder of Mutton
Steward, Thomas, cattle dealer
Tuck, Thomas Gilbert, Esq.
Wells, William, farmer
Whitbread, Rev. E. S., M.A., Rectory



SWAINSTHORPE.


A railway station, village, and parish in the hundred of Humbleyard, 108
miles from London, and 5½ from Norwich S. by W., containing 240
inhabitants, and 819 acres of land.  The church is dedicated to St.
Peter; the rectory of which is in the patronage of R. K. Long, Esq., and
the Rev. Henry Long.

Bennett, Benjamin, shoemaker
Brandford, Ezra, victualler, Dun Cow
Canham, E., station master
Cannell, Jacob, butcher
Carpenter, Robert, farmer
Ecclestone, Henry, police officer
Freeman, Mr., academy
Gooch, G. Sutton, veterinary surgeon
Gooch, Rachel, smith and wheelwright
Muttimer, George, farmer
Turner, Mr. and Mrs., master and matron of Union House



SWARDESTON.


A village and parish in Henstead hundred, near the Swainsthorpe station,
4 miles S.S.W. from Norwich, containing 950 acres of land, and in 1851 a
population of 381.  The church of the Virgin Mary is a neat building: the
Rev. John Henry Steward, M.A., of East Carlton, is patron, and incumbent
of the vicarage.  It has a fine screen, some stained glass, and some
tombs.

Arundel, Samuel, cooper
Barrett, Elizabeth, shopkeeper
Barrett, William, thatcher
Brown, Robert D., bricklayer
Brown, James, shopkeeper
Bond, Robert, farmer
Cannell, Isaac, blacksmith
Cunningham, John, tailor
Cunningham, Wm., butcher
Cannell, Henry, gardener
Davy, Barnard, blacksmith
Fairman, Samuel, bricklayer
Fish, Miles, shoemaker
Hamnell, Paul, shoemaker
Hall, James, wheelwright
Hubbard, John, gardener
King, Robert, farmer
Kemp, Daniel T., Esq., Rectory
Raven, Benjamin, farmer
Stewart, Rev. H., B.A., curate
Turner, Daniel, victualler, Dog
Twiss, Christopher, farmer

  Wesleyan chapel.  National school, erected 1841, enlarged 1855, called
        Rev. Samuel Chapman’s school: school-master, Joseph Cook.

                                * * * * *



THORPE.


THORPE, near Norwich, or THORPE ST. ANDREW.  A picturesque village, 2
miles east of Norwich, on the banks of the river Yare, over which the
Norwich and Yarmouth railway passes, by two newly-constructed bridges.
The church of St. Andrew is a small Gothic building, with a plain
thatched roof, and a small square tower.  The inside contains many old
monuments; one, dated 1700, to the memory of Peter Vertigans, Esq.  The
living is a rectory, in the gift of the Rev. Armine Herring, M.A., and
the incumbent is the Rev. Armine Herring.  One mile S.E. of the village
is the County Lunatic Asylum.  The parish is in Blofield hundred, and the
population in 1851 was 912.  There is a neat chapel belonging to the
Congregationalists.

Alborn, Samuel, farmer
Bacon, Miss Mary Ann
Bailey, George, King’s Head
Barker, Henry John
Batley, Mrs. Susannah
Bolingbroke, Frederic, Esq.
Bracey, Frederick, boot and shoe maker
Bracey, Robert, shopkeeper
Bright, John, Red Lion
Brightwen, John, Esq.
Brinded, Robert, bricklayer
Bulley, William, shopkeeper
Burton, Thomas, flour merchant
Clabburn, William, Esq., shawl manufacturer
Cattermole, Mary, Three Tuns’ inn
Clayton, Miss Margaret Elizabeth
Dale, Robert, timber merchant
Davey, Joseph, manufacturer
Emms, Thomas, gardener
Etheridge, Philip, Esq.
Farman, William, carpenter and joiner
Frost, Rev. William, Thorpe Lodge
Gurney, Charles, Esq., banker
Gurney, Hay, Esq., banker
Harvey, Sir Robert, Bart., Household House
Hastings, Elwin
Herring, Rev. Armine, rectory
Hopcroft, Mr. Thomas
Jay, George, fish merchant
Jecks, Charles, Esq., grove
Jecks, William, merchant
King, Robert, Esq.
Lincoln, Edmund, carpenter
Lincoln, Francis, shopkeeper
Martin, William, whitesmith
Morgan, Henry, brewer
Palmer, Nathaniel, Esq., barrister
Palmer, Thomas Fletcher, solicitor
Patteson, Henry, brewer
Postle, Misses
Rose, Ann, shopkeeper
Rowling, Nathan S., Esq.
Sabberton, Thomas, smith in general
Shardelow, Benjamin, plumber and glazier
Smith, Joseph, the Buck
Southgate, Henry, the Griffin
Spooner, John, boot and shoe maker
Starling, Samuel, farmer
Tinker, Harris, boot and shoe maker
Todd, Daniel, post-office
Upcroft, Mrs. Sarah
Wells, Robert Esq.
Western, Charles, brewer
White, William, gardener
Willett, Henry, Esq., manufacturer
Wines, Miss, milliner
Wright, Robert, land agent



TROWSE NEWTON.


A village, situated 1 mile S.E. from Norwich, on the river Yare.  Its
population is 639; but, including the whole parish, which extends into
Norwich, is 1,363.  The church is a neat edifice, with tower and one
bell.  The living is a vicarage, in the gift of the Dean and Chapter of
Norwich.  Rev. George Carter, M.A. is the incumbent.

Alborough, Thomas, farmer
Bullard, Mrs. Maria, grocer
Cannell, Edward, coal merchant
Carter, Rev. George, vicar
Coleman, S., Trowse Eye
Daniels, Robert, blacksmith
Denny, Thomas, butcher
Digby, Robert, White House
Ellis, Joseph, farmer
Fox, Henry, Lime Kilns
Finch, John, wheelwright
Goose, Robert, lime burner
Gowing, George, wheelwright
Gowing, L. George, farmer
Gowen, John, gardener
Grief, James, White Horse
Grief, Jonathan, butcher
Grief, William, clerk to the church
Harris, Robert, gardener
Huson, William, boot and shoe-maker
Jecks, Mr. Isaac
Lingwood, John, shoemaker
Middleton, Mrs., milliner and dressmaker
Money, Archibald F., the Crown Point
Murrell, George, Crown Point tavern
Plant, James, farmer
Proudfoot, Misses E. and A., grocers
Smith, John, gardener
Spruce, John, dealer
Stageman, Miss, National School
Thetford, William, gardener and pork butcher
Thurlow, John, baker and grocer
Tompkins, Miss, Trowse British School
Turner, John, farmer, hall
Youngs, William, Carpenters’ Arms



WITTON.


A very small agricultural village and parish in Blofield hundred, with
587 acres of rich land, situated 2 miles from Brundall station, and 5
miles E. of Norwich.  Principal owners, John Penrice, Esq., and Rev. C.
Penrice.  The church (St. Margaret) is a plain building, and contains
nothing worthy of remark.  The rectory, of small value, consolidated with
Little Plumstead and Brundall, is enjoyed by the patron, the Rev. Charles
Penrice, who resides at Little Plumstead.  Two farm houses and one mill,
with a few cottages, form the village; and the population, in 1851, was
120.

Chenery, Robert, blacksmith
Culley, George B., farmer
Culley, George Scott, farmer and maltster
Penrice, Mrs., Witton House
Palmer, Frederic, farmer
Ward, Joseph, farmer and corn miller



WRAMPLINGHAM.


A village and parish in Forehoe hundred, 4 miles north from Wymondham
station, containing 245 inhabitants, and 830 acres of land.  The church
of St. Peter and Paul is a small ancient edifice, with a round tower and
octagonal top.  The rectory is in the gift of Robert Marsham, Esq.; and
the Rev. Thomas Gordon Marsham, M.A., is the incumbent.  There is a
school for the education of the children of this parish, supported partly
by the rector.

Brighty, Jacob L., victualler, King’s Head, and smith
Cann, Rev. John S.
Cullyer, William, farmer
Farrer, Mrs. Sophia
Fisher, George, carpenter
Fisher, Thomas, farmer
Hubbard, John, farmer
Marsham, Rev. Thomas, rector
Ringer, William, farmer
Sayer, Shadrach and David, millers
Walker, Robert, farmer

                                * * * * *




WYMONDHAM.


Wymondham is a pleasantly situated market town and parish in the Forehoe
hundred, 115½ miles from London, and 10½ miles S.W. from Norwich.  The
town stands on an elevated position, and is of some antiquity.  The
market is held on Friday, but from its vicinity to Norwich, is not well
attended.  There are three annual Fairs, February 14th, May 17th, and
September 29th; the two former for cattle, and the latter a pleasure
fair.

The old market cross, situated in the centre of the town, is an object of
curiosity on account of its antique appearance, and its carved devices,
representing different articles of turnery, which originally formed one
of the staple branches of the trade of this place, but now nearly
extinct; the manufacture of bombazines, crapes, &c., is carried on to a
considerable extent for Norwich houses.  There are a brewery and corn
mills.  There are several respectable mansions and family residences in
the town and neighbourhood.  Gas works are erected on Fairland, and the
town is well lighted.  A Free Grammar School for the education of
tradesmen’s sons was established and endowed by Henry VI., and various
sums have been subsequently left by benevolent parties, which have
enabled the trustees to carry out fully the intentions of the founder, by
appointing a gentleman in holy orders as master of this important
establishment.  St. Thomas à Becket’s chapel, a commodious building, has
been repaired, and is now used for the school-room.

There are several charities, bequeathed by sundry persons, for the
benefit of the poor, which funds are distributed annually, in money,
coals, &c., and for the repairs of the church, also for increasing the
stipend of the vicar.

The Bridewell, or House of Correction, is situated at the entrance of the
town from Norwich, and is devoted to the reception of female prisoners
only, who are sentenced to hard labour, where they serve their periods of
imprisonment in washing, sewing, &c., for the prisoners confined in
Norwich gaol.  This well-conducted establishment is under the matronship
of Mrs. Greenfield.

The Norwich and Brandon railway passes close to the town, and here is the
junction with the Dereham branch line; a neat station is erected, as well
as warehouses for the reception of goods, &c.

The population was returned, in 1851, at 5,175 inhabitants, of whom about
3,300 are in the town.  The number of acres is 10,600.  The church, which
is a large noble edifice, had formerly a monastery attached, but it was
destroyed many years back; a portion of the ruins still remain.  The
octagon tower at the east end of the church is in good preservation.  At
the west end, a spacious and lofty square tower was built by the
inhabitants many years since, (and contains five bells,) which gives an
imposing effect to the whole structure; the interior is neat, with a
carved roof, supported by full-length figures of angels, and, and with
the valuable organ, underwent repair in 1845.  There are several
monuments and tablets to the families of Clifton, Burroughes, Jermy, &c.
The living is a vicarage in the patronage of the Bishop of Ely, who is
appropriator of the great tithes.

The Quakers, Independents, Methodists, Wesleyans, Baptists, and Plymouth
Brethren, have each a chapel here.

  POST-OFFICE—James Fison, postmaster.  Money Orders are granted at this
                                 office.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Abbott, Mrs. Charlotte, Fairland street
Anderson, Rev. J., Independent Minister
Cooper, Mr. James, Bridewell street
Culyer, Mrs., Town green
Daniel, Rev. William, Town green
Eden, Rev. Robert, vicar, Vicar street
Grisdale, Rev. Joseph, B.A., master of the Grammar school, Town green
Jones, Rev. David, chaplain to the Bridewell
Jones, Mrs. Sophia Ann, Hill House
Knapman, Capt. John, R.N.
Lloyd, Mrs., Fairland street
Poll, Mr. John, Town green
Rayner, Mr. William Edward, Town close
Skoulding, Charles, M.D., Market place
Sparkhall, Mrs. Elizabeth, Bridewell street
Stone, Mrs. Mary, Town green
Wiffen, Mrs. Ann, Bridewell street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, ETC.


Adams, Samuel, retailer in beer, Town green
Atkins, Obadiah, schoolmaster, Bridewell street
Bale, Charlotte, milliner, Market place
Bale, William, butcher, Town green
Barnard, John, boot and shoe maker, Market place
Barnard, Matthew, saddle and harness maker, Fairland street
Betts, Sarah, shopkeeper, Town green
Bircham, John, the Dove, Town green
Bowgen, Philip, plumber and glazier, Damgate street
Brabetor, Honour, butcher, Damgate str.
Brewster, Sarah, Black Horse, Suton str.
Browne, Eliza, Queen’s Head, Bridewell street
Browne, William, Sun inn, Damgate str.
Bunn, John, cooper, Damgate street
Bunn, John, bootmaker, Market place
Bunn, William, baker, Fairland street
Camp, William and Son, carpenters, Bridewell street
Cann and Clarke, brewers and maltsters, wine and spirit merchants, Market
place
Cann John, Stephenson, attorney and solicitor
Cann, John, miller, agent to the Norwich Union Life and Fire offices, and
General Hail storm office; h Town green
Cann, S. J. Stephenson, solicitor, clerk to Magistrates, Commissioner of
Taxes, and the Forehoe Board of Guardians, Superintendent Registrar,
Secretary to the Gas Company, Branch Bank of Messrs. Harvey and Hudson,
Market place
Cann, Samuel, wheelwright and retailer in beer, Town green
Cann, William, butcher, Market place
Chambers, John, licensed dealer in spirits, Market place
Chapman, James, King’s Head hotel, Market place
Clarke, Cordal, solicitor’s clerk, Vicar street
Clarke, Ellen, milliner and dressmaker, Market place
Clarke, Ethelbert, carpenter, Market place
Clarke, Edward Palmer, solicitor, Vicar street
Clarke, William B., builder, Market street
Colman, James, builder, Fairland street
Colman, Thomas Edward Tawell, surgeon, Vicar street
Colman, William, plumber and glazier, Bridewell street
Cooper, Charles, painter and glazier, Damgate street
Cooper, Jane, boarding and day school, Bridewell street
Cooper, John, hairdresser, Fairland street
Cowell, Henry, bootmaker, Market street
Cowell, John, shoeing smith, Fairland street
Cowell, William, whitesmith, Suton street
Crannas, William, Duke’s Head, Damgate street
Crosby, William, White Swan, Vicar street
Cross, John, Two Brewers, Damgate street
Cross, John B., Cock inn and butcher, Town green
Cross, Mary, Duck and Dog, Market street
Dannoch, William, whitesmith, Church street
Davey, John, tailor and draper, Market street
Davey, Maria, butcher, Market street
Dawdry, Charles, corn and seed merchant, Town green
Denny, John, Leather Bottle, Town green
Dover, Elizabeth, green-grocer, Church street
Dunham, William, White Hart, Market st.
Fison, James, chemist and druggist, and post-master, Market street
Fitt, Lee Felix, saddle and harness maker, Market street
Flaskett, William, Permanent Way Inspector for the Eastern Counties’
Railway Company; h near Wymondham station
Forster, Robert, printer, bookbinder, and parish clerk, Market street; h
Church street
Foulsham, Richard, the Griffin, Market street
Foulsham, Samuel, leather cutter, Town green
Fox, Benjamin, boot and shoe maker, Town green
Foyster, David, broker, Chapel street
Fulcher, John, whitesmith, Fairland street
Glasspoole, William, auctioneer and estate agent
Goodings, Robert, green-grocer, Damgate street
Greenfield, Mrs. E., superintendent of the Wymondham bridewell
Hall, Robert, farmer, Bridewell street
Harvey and Hudson, bankers, Market pl.
Harvey, Jesse, cooper, Town green
Harvey, Thomas, earthenware dealer, Damgate street
Harvey, William, builder, Damgate street
High, Charlotte, shopkeeper, Church street
High, Sophia, Coach and Horses, Vicar street
Howes, James, the Goat, Churchgate str.
Howes, John, fishmonger, Town green
Hubbard, John, White Horse, Suton street
Hubbard, John, butcher, Damgate street
Hubbard, Mary, Wool Pack, Fairland str.
Hubbard, Sarah, Three Feathers, Town green
Hubbard, Thomas, veterinary surgeon, Fairland street
Jackson, Maria, milliner, Market place
Jermy, William, farmer, Linfield
Kemp, John, blacksmith, Bridewell street
Kemp, Richard, smith in general, Town green
Kerrison, Elizabeth, bootmaker, Market street
Kerry, John, relieving officer, Market place
King, Henry, miller, Church street
Lemon, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Damgate street
Mason, Henry, Excise officer, Town green
Morley, John, boot and shoe maker, Fairland street
Morris, Moore, linen draper, Market street
Moys, Thomas, veterinary surgeon, Town green
Parker, Mrs. James, fancy repository, Market street
Parker and Son, linen drapers and grocers, Market street
Parsel, Benjamin, boot and shoe maker, Town green
Parsley, Henry, tailor, Fairland street
Peacock, James, bootmaker, Town green
Perfitt, Ephraim Joseph, watch and clock maker, Market street
Perfitt, John, boot and shoe maker, Fairland street
Plowman, John S., George and the Dragon, and butcher, Market place
Plunkett, William, shopkeeper, Town green
Poll, Emily, shopkeeper, Town green
Poll, James, carpenter and joiner, Damgate street
Poll, William Cooper, carpenter, Town green
Proctor, Martha Ann, milliner, Damgate street
Reeve, Thomas Marshall, ironmonger, Market place
Rix, Thomas Colman, builder, Market street
Robins, Edward James, stone mason, Suton street
Robins, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Damgate street
Rudling, William, watch and clock maker, Church street
Scarles, Charles, accountant, Town green
Secker, Robert, basket-maker, Bridewell street
Secker, William, basket-maker, Bridewell street
Seely, Joseph Henry, haircutter, Damgate street
Self, Edward, confectioner, Market street
Self, Henry H., confectioner, Town green
Self, Robert, confectioner, Fairland street
Skipper, James, hairdresser, Market street
Skoulding, William, chemist and druggist, Market place
Smith, John, grocer, Damgate street
Smith, John, broker, Damgate street
Smith, Washington William, bookseller, stationer, &c., agent for Norwich
newspapers, Atlas Insurance office, Market place
Sparkhall, James and Edward, butchers and farmers, Town green
Spinks, Thomas, grocer, Damgate street
Standley, George, Green Dragon, Church street
Standley, John, auctioneer and appraiser, Market street
Stanley, John, farmer, Church street
Stanley, William, tailor and draper, Church street
Stebbings, Edward, Crown, Market street
Stimpson, James, ginger beer manufacturer, Town green
Taylor and Son, merchants, Damgate str.
Taylor, William H., agent to the Sun Fire office, and Life Association of
Scotland, Town green
Tipple, Sarah, grocer and draper, Vicar street
Traxon, Esau, glover, Market street
Traxon, Israel, grocer and draper, Town green
Trixon, Frederic, baker, Town green
Tunaley, Robert James, surgeon, Market street
Turner, David, linen draper, Market place
Ward, Thomas Samuel, station master, Wymondham station
Watson, Henry, leather cutter, Bridewell street
Watson, Samuel, railway hotel, Wymondham station
Weed, Benjamin, pipemaker, Town green
Wells, John, shopkeeper, Town green
Welton, Robert, corn dealer, Churchgate street
White, Jesse, commission agent and accountant; bookseller, stationer;
china, glass, and fancy goods warehouse, Market place
Woodbine, John, builder, Town green
Woods, Henry, draper, Fairland street
Wright, Robert, saddler and harness-maker, Suton street
Wright, Robert, saddle and harness maker, Market place




ATTLEBOROUGH


Attleborough, a small market town and railway station, 15 miles from
Norwich, 5½ from Wymondham, and 14¾ from Thetford.  The population in
1851 was 2,324, and about 5,251 acres of land.  One long street includes
most of the houses.  The market is on Thursday, and the fairs are held on
the Thursday Easter and Whit-Sunday, and August 15th for cattle; also a
pleasure fair the day before March assizes.  The Norwich and Brandon
railway passes close to the town, where a handsome station has been
erected, distant from London 110 miles.

The church, which is a noble edifice, with spacious tower containing six
bells, is much admired for its antiquity.  The living is a rectory, in
the gift of Sir Wm. B. Smijth, Bart.; the present incumbent is the Rev.
A. J. E. B. Smijth, M.A., and the curate the Rev. S. A. Cooke, M.A.  Sir
W. B. Smijth, Bart., is lord of the manor.

Here are chapels for the Wesleyans, Baptists, &c.; also a National
School, well supported and attended.

 POST-OFFICE—George Parson, postmaster.  Money Orders granted and paid at
                               this office.



CLERGY, GENTRY. &c.


Beevor, Thomas, Esq., Market hill
Cooke, Rev. Stephen Atkinson, curate
Doughty, Mr. Samuel, Mares’ street
King, Mrs. Sarah, London road
Lemmon, Rev. James, Wesleyan Minister, Rivett’s lane
Marner, John, Esq., Market hill
Salter, William, Esq., Norwich road
Smijth, Rev. A. J. E., rector
Warrel, Mrs. Sarah, London road



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Allen, George, horse-breaker
Anderson, Sarah Ann, milliner and dress-maker, Mill street
Ayton, Charles, builder and appraiser, Church street
Ayton, Robert, carpenter and joiner, Market hill
Bacon, James, accountant, Market street
Barker, George, tailor, Market hill
Barker, Sarah, White Hart, Market hill
Barnard, Robert, baker and tea dealer
Barnard, William, painter, plumber, and glazier, Mares’ street
Barnard, William, tailor, London road
Bateman, William, tailor and draper, Rivett’s lane
Beale, James, printer, Norwich road
Bowden, William, builder, Back lane
Brown, Rev. William Shrieve, minister to the Baptist Chapel, Rivett’s
lane
Buckenham, William, miller, Mares’ str.
Byles, John, grocer and draper
Caffay, Richard, shopkeeper
Cage, James, basket-maker and cooper, London road
Caley, Samuel W., the Grapes, news agent, Mares’ street
Calver, John, farmer, West carr
Canham, John, the new Inn and Commercial house, near the Railway station
Chatters, Henry, boot and shoe maker, London road
Childerhouse, William, farmer and dealer, West carr
Clarke, James, farmer, Borough common
Clifford, Thomas, Fair View Cottage, London road
Cockell, Charles, solicitor
Cockell, Mrs. Jane, farmer, Church plain
Colman, Mr., farmer, West carr
Cook, John, White Horse inn, London road
Cowles, William, farmer, West carr
Crawford, John, station master
Cushing, Stephen, Odd Fellows’ Arms, Mill street
Dawes, William, watch and clock maker, Market hill
Defew, William, saddle and harness maker, Church street
Downs, James, farmer, West carr
Downs, John, farmer, West carr
Drake, Charles, coachmaker, the street
Eaton, John, auctioneer and appraiser
Ebbage, Robert, the Bear inn, blacksmith, and machine maker, Bear road
Etheridge, Ann, boot and shoe maker
Etheridge, Henry, boot maker, Mares’ street
Fox, Mary, Mrs., green-grocer
Francis, James, general shopkeeper and druggist, Market street
Franklin, Frederic F. and George F., solicitors
Franklin, Frederic F., clerk to the County Court office, and agent to the
Phœnix Fire office and Palladium Life office
Gates, Mr. James, Lay’s farm
Gayford, William, licensed to let horses for hire, Market street
Goldspink, Richard, butcher, Mill street
Green, John, farmer, West carr
Green, Mary Ann, the Crown, Church st.
Hewitt, William, butcher and salesman, Market street
Hazelwood, Robert, painter, plumber, and glazier, Ellingham road
Hill, George, postman, London road
Hipper, Charles, King’s Head, London road
Howes, Charles, tailor, London road
Howlett, George, ironmonger and brazier, Market street
Hubbard, Henry, farmer, West carr
Huggins, Mr., farmer
Jessup, Mr., farmer, Borough common
Kettringham, Robert, bricklayer and broker, Market hill
Lane, Mrs., farmer
Lawrance, Michael, farmer, Borough common
Leighton, Charles, corn merchant and maltster, Rivett’s lane
Leyton, John, butcher, Market street
Lincoln, Miss Elizabeth, ladies’ boarding academy, Norwich road
Littleproud, Alfred, grocer and draper
Littleproud, William, baker
Lovett, Robert, miller, the street
Lovick, Sarah, the Angel inn, Market street
Mann, Thomas, Norwich carrier, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday, Market
hill
Merry, Robert, corn and coal merchant, Norwich road
Miles, William, saddle and harness, Mill street
Muskett, Alfred, grocer and draper, and manager to the bank, Market hill
Myhill, John, farmer, Mares’ street
Nicholls, John, clothier and harness maker, Mill street
Orford, Robert, carpenter and joiner, London road
Parke, William B., manager to the Goods department of the railway station
Parson, George B., postmaster and printer, Market hill
Pinnock, Jonathan, bricklayer, Mares’ st.
Pinnock, William, boot and shoe maker, London road
Potter, George, surgeon
Potter, Joseph, farmer, Borough common
Ponder, Thomas, tailor, Market hill
Revel, William, Norwich Castle
Robinson, Charles, brick and tile merchant, Norwich road
Rose, James, grocer and draper, Market street
Salter, George William, auctioneer and land agent, Market street; h Old
Buckenham
Salter, Thomas, architect and land Surveyor, Norwich road
Sewell, Mary, the Griffin inn, Market street
Shickle, John, inspector of weights and measures
Simmons, John, miller, Rivett’s lane
Simpson, William, auctioneer and farmer, Back lane
Smith, James, boot and shoe maker, Mill street
Spanton, Christopher, agent for the Norwich Union Fire office and Norwich
Equitable Fire office
Sparkall, John, farmer, Nobbs’ corner farm
Sparrow, Jonathan, shopkeeper, Mill street
Stebbings, Michael, farmer and dealer, Rivett’s lane
Stebbings, William, cattle dealer, London road
Tillett, John, tailor, London road
Toop, Francis Hart, the Cock inn, Mares’ street
Turner, John, blacksmith
Upston, George, seedsman, London road
Upston, William, dealer in Sheffield goods
Vince, Benjamin, farmer
Walsh, Gerald, coal merchant, Market hill
Ward, John, farmer, Borough common
Warren, John, watch and clock maker, Church street
Warren, Charles Ling, farmer
Webster, James, hair dresser, Market street
Webster, William, boot and shoe maker, Market street
Wells, Samuel, registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for the
district, Market hill
Wiles, Charles Barsham, surgeon, Market hill
Wright, Daniel E., provision house and butcher, Church street
Wright, John, wheelwright
Wright, Mrs., straw bonnet maker and dyer, Back lane




HINGHAM


Hingham is a small near market town in Forehoe hundred, East Norfolk,
about 116 miles from London, 14 W.S.W. from Norwich, 6 from Wymondham
station W., and 6 N.W. from Attleborough station.

The church of St. Andrew is a fine, noble structure, with a handsome
tower, containing 8 bells.  The living is a rectory, in the gift of Lord
Wodehouse.  The parish consists of 3,525 acres, and the population in
1851 was 1,698.  Here is a Free Grammar School, which was founded and
handsomely endowed in 1727, by Thomas Parlet, Esq.; also a National
School, which is wholly supported by the Hon. and Rev. W. Wodehouse, M.A.
Here is also an Independent chapel.

POST-OFFICE—Miss Large, postmistress.  This is also a Money-order office.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c


Bassum, Mr. Charles
Bowles, Rev. J. S., Independent minister
Darby, Rev. Martin B., rector of Hackford by Hingham, Market street
Daynes, Mrs. Mary, Chapel street
Gilman, Mrs., Chapel street
Gilman, Samuel H., Esq.
Gilman, Lieutenant Colonel Philip Case, Market street
Greaves, Mr. David, Chapel street
Halsey, Mrs. Mary, Chapel street
Hardy, Miss Sarah, Market place
Hodgson, Rev. Walter C., curate; h Market place
Howard, Mrs. Elizabeth, Market place
Hurnard, Rev. W. B., curate of Fenning-hall
Hurnard, William, Esq., the Green
Fickling, Miss Frances, Market place
Laing, Mrs. Frances, Market street
Matthews, Rev. R. B.
Pigg, Mrs., the Green
Pitts, Mrs. Sarah, Market place
Priest, Miss Mary, the Green
Rushbrook, Miss Ann, Chapel street
Slipper, Rev. R. B., rector of Coston, master of the Grammar school,
Chapel street
Stone, Miss, Market street
Vince, Mr. John, Market place



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Adcock, Mrs., dressmaker, Turnpike
Alexander, Daniel, solicitor, agent to the Atlas and the Law Union
offices, Fair Land place
Barton, F., excise officer, Chapel street
Bayes, William, farmer, Mill road
Bedford, William, watch and clock maker, Turnpike
Bowles, William, miller, Market street
Bradfield, George, grocer and draper, Market place
Bunn, Benjamin, cooper, Copper lane
Cobon, Mrs. Jane, day and boarding school for young ladies, Church street
Cannell, Abraham, George inn, Mill road
Caston, W., tailor, Church street
Chamberlain, Charles, grocer and draper, Church street
Clarke, E. W., builder
Coe, Frederick, White Hart inn Commercial hotel, Market place
Drewell, William, painter, plumber, and glazier, Church street
Eagling, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Fair Land place
Elsy, George, stationer, draper, &c., Market place
Elsy, William, bricklayer and builder, Back street
Emmerson, William, ironmonger and brazier, Market street
Feltham, James, solicitor, Fair Land place
Feltham, Mrs. Mary, blacksmith, Market street
Feltham, Philip, plumber and glazier, Market street
Feltham, Robert, saddle and harness maker, Market street
Fisher, William, baker and miller, Fair Land place
Gapp, Charles, general smith, Hall lane
Gricks, John, the Cock inn and stone mason, Market street
Griston, James, tailor, Market street
Harvey, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Baxter row
Howard, Philip, wine and spirit merchant, &c., Market place
Howchin, Edmund, butcher
Hubbard, John S., wheelwright, Fair Land place
Hubbard, John, junr., school-master to the National school, Chapel street
King, Ellen, milliner, dressmaker, and straw bonnet maker, Church street
King, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Market place
King, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Fair Land place
Kingaby, Thomas, hairdresser
Lane, Franklin, tailor, Chapel street
Langford, Samuel C., chemist and druggist, Market place
Large, Miss, grocer, draper, and post manager, Market place
Large, Robert, farmer, Mill road
Laskey, John, the Dog inn, carrier to Norwich and Hingham
Lilley, Richard, baker and farmer, Market place
Lincoln, Henry, chimney sweeper, Baxter lane
Monement, Mr. Edward, surgeon, Chapel street
Money, Robert, the Ringers, Turnpike
Muffett, William, plumber, glazier, and painter
Newson, Benjamin, the Unicorn, and butcher, Fair Land place
Nicholson, John N., butcher, Market place
Norton, Francis, general shopkeeper, Fair Land place
Pearce, Charles, Three Horse-shoes and blacksmith, Market place
Pigg, Charles, farmer, Dereham road
Pitts, George W., baker and miller, Market-place
Pitts, John, farmer, Dereham road
Pitts, Phineas, tailor and draper, agent to the Sun Fire Office,
Market-place
Precious, Richard, Angel Inn, Market-place
Riddlesworth, Francis, grocer and draper, Fair Land place
Riddlesworth, Francis, harness maker, Fair Land place
Rose, Philip W., boot and shoe maker, and leather cutter, Turnpike
Semmence, Francis, tailor and confectioner, Turnpike
Scott, Charles, linen draper, grocer, &c., Market street
Spruce, William, farmer, Mill road
Stafford, John, the Oak, Turnpike
Tallant, John Thomas, surgeon, Market-place
Thompson, John, tailor, Market-place
Vince, James, grocer and draper, Market-place
Waller, William G., tailor, Turnpike
Ward, John, the Bell, Baxter row
Woodrow, John, schoolmaster at the Grammar School, High street
Wyatt, Davey, tailor and shopkeeper, Fair Land place




THETFORD


Thetford is an ancient borough and market town, 31¼ miles S.W. from
Norwich, 80 miles N.E. from London, by road, and 95¼ miles by rail.  Part
of the town is in Suffolk; it is well paved, and lighted with gas.  The
river is navigable, and great quantities of coal and timber are imported
from Lynn; and corn, malt, wool, &c., are exported; but since the railway
from Brandon to Norwich has been opened for the conveyance of
merchandize, it has materially affected the navigation interest, and it
is anticipated the railway conveyance will entirely supersede the water
conveyance, although the corporation has been at a great expense in
erecting locks, &c.  The town has been gradually declining for many
years, which is attributed mainly to the removal of the assizes from this
borough to Norwich in 1833.

The Norwich and Brandon railway passes through the northern side of the
town; the station is at the northern part of the town.  The market is
held on Saturday for pedlary and small wares, but it is almost obsolete,
merely being for butter, eggs, meat, and vegetables, and sometimes a few
pigs.  There are four large breweries in the town; a tanner’s, a
fellmonger’s, and two brick and lime yards, a large paper-mill, (giving
employment to a great many women), also a powerful water-mill (flour),
several malting houses, bone-crushing and manure works, coach works,
ropemaking, and an extensive iron foundry and agricultural implement
manufactory, which is situated on the site of old St. Nicholas church,
the last remains of that once noble edifice being now razed to the
ground.

In the parish of St. Mary, and on the Suffolk side of the river, are
still to be found the remains of a monastery (St. Sepulchre’s); the
porter’s gate is visible, as also part of the church, now converted into
a barn; it is called the “Canons.”

Thetford formerly had twenty churches and eight monasteries, of which
there are numerous ruins, and the surrounding country abounds with
“barrows,” or “tumuli.”

Out of twenty churches which originally stood here, three only now
remain: the oldest, St. Mary’s, situated on the Suffolk side, is a large
structure with thatched roof, a high square tower, built chiefly with
flint, 6 bells and no spire; the interior is in good repair, has a
chancel, aisles, and gallery; it contains several monuments, one of
handsome marble, to the memory of Sir Rd.  Fulmerston.  The Duke of
Norfolk is patron of the living, a perpetual curacy, enjoyed by the Rev.
Wm. Collett.  St. Peter’s is a handsome commodious building and lofty
tower, built principally of flint, with various devices of the same
material, inlaid with considerable taste.  The tower and church were
partly rebuilt in 1789.  This is a rectory, united to the perpetual
curacy of St. Cuthbert’s, also in the gift of the Duke of Norfolk: the
Rev. E. H. Gibbon is the incumbent.  St. Cuthbert’s church, situated near
the market-place, has been restored.  There is a large Wesleyan chapel,
with a commodious gallery, a large Independent and also a Primitive
Methodists’ chapel, and a meeting-house for Quakers, (the latter is very
seldom used); also a Catholic chapel on the Suffolk side of the town.

The Guildhall, where the quarter sessions are held for the borough, is
situated in the centre of the town, overlooking the new market-place,
which is enclosed by a neat iron railing.

The Gaol, enlarged in 1816, is a neat stone building, but since the
removal of the assizes to Norwich, in 1833, has been very little used.

The fairs are held, May 14th, August 2nd and 16th, and September 26th.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Bidwell, Mrs. Mary Ann, Paddock
Bullen, Mr. William, Magdalen street
Burton, Miss Sarah, Great Magdalen street
Cobb, Mrs. Sarah, White Hart street
Cooper, Mrs. Caroline, King street
Farrow, Miss Rose, King street
Faux, Mr. Gregory, White Horse street
Faux, Mrs. Susan, Wells street
Gibbon, Rev. E. H., rector of St. Peter’s, and incumbent of St.
Cuthbert’s
Hill, Mrs. M., Guildhall street
Hobbins, Mrs. Elizabeth, London road
Hubert, Rev. Henry, rector, Santon with Downham, Wells street
Jennings, Mr. Frederic, Market place
Lloyd, Rev. Morgan, Independent Minister, Great Magdalen street
Mann, Mr. T. W., Great Magdalen street
Marsham, Miss Sophia, Gaol street
Methold, Mrs., King street
Moore, Rev. John, rector of Kilverstone, Wells street
Norman, Mrs. Sarah, Ford street
Palmer, Mr. Joseph, Magdalen street
Palmer, Mrs. Mary Ann, London road
Palmer, Mrs. Sarah, White Hart street
Pollard, Mrs., London road
Sansum, Mrs. Mary, Bury road
Snare, Mrs. Louisa, Bury road
Stokes, Mrs. Susan, Great Magdalen street
Tabraham, Rev. Richard, Bury road
Taylor, Rev. John, Catholic priest, London road
Tyrrell, Mr. George, White Hart street
Vantier, Mr. Edwin, White Hart street
West, Miss Elizabeth, Guildhall street
Wright, Mr. William, Earl’s street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Able, Samuel, saddle and harness maker, White Hart street
Allison, William, tailor, White Hart street
Atkins, William, cabinet maker, Earl’s lane
Bailey, Henry Woodroffe, F.R.C.S.E., C.M., R.C.C., Guildhall street
Barber, John Lee, merchant and maltster, Ford place
Barnard, John, harness maker, Great Magdalen street
Bartlett, Henry Albert, farmer, Brandon road
Battell, John, carpenter and builder, Guildhall street
Bennett, James, baker, St. Giles’s lane
Bennett, William, Red Cow, Back street
Best, H. W., surgeon, King street
Betts, William, carpenter and joiner, Magdalen street
Bibbry, William, baker, Great Magdalen street
Bidwell, Leonard, brewer, Old Market street
Bond, William, gun and pistol manufacturer, Market-place
Booth, Richard, blacksmith, Back street
Boyce, Henry, builder, Wells street
Boyce, Luke, bricklayer, plasterer, and slater, Castle row
Boyce, Thomas, plumber and glazier, King street
Boyce, William, the Dolphin, and builder, Old Market street
Brock, Ann, milliner and dress-maker, Earl’s lane
Brown and Colby, furnishing ironmongers, Bridge street
Brown, Peter, plumber and glazier, White Horse street
Browne, William, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Browne, William, pipe manufacturer, Croxton road
Burgess, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Burrell, Charles, engineer and millwright
Campkin, Josiah, tailor and draper, White Hart street
Canham, Robert, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Carley, Philip, tailor, King street
Carley, Robert, printer, stationer, bookseller, and bookbinder, King
street
Carr, George William, watch and clock maker, King street
Carr, Isaac, boot and shoe maker, White Hart street
Carter, John, Trowel and Hammer, Bury road
Catton, Mary and Ann, china and glass warehouse, King street
Challis, John, the Castle, Magdalen street
Christopher, Benjamin, hair dresser, White Hart street
Clarke, James, grocer and cooper, White Hart street
Clarke, Robert Eagle, solicitor, Bridge street
Clarke, William, corn, coal, and seed merchant, King street
Clarke, William, Norwich carrier, Magdalen street
Clarke, William, brazier, Great Magdalen street
Codling, Mrs. R., milliner and dress-maker, Bury street
Cole, William, King’s Head, White Hart street
Cook, James, rope and twine manufacturer, Magdalen street
Cook, John, dyer, Magdalen street
Cooper, John W., Auctioneer, &c., Bury road
Corrins, Henry, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Cracknell, Henry, the Chequers, King street
Craske, Elizabeth, baker, Raymond street
Cronshey, James, chemist and druggist, and artificial manure
manufacturer, Bridge street
Cross, Mary, ladies’ day school, Guildhall street
Darsley, William, Green Dragon, Market-place
Davey, Daniel, White Horse Inn, Ray-street
Davy, James, surveyor, White Hart street
Davy John, cabinet maker and joiner, Guildhall street
Deeks, George, grocer and draper, White Hart street
Diver, David, brazier, Gaol street
Diver, John, ironmonger and gas fitter, Guildhall street
Diver, Mrs. Mary, baker, Magdalen street
Dickman, M. A., straw bonnet maker, White Hart street
Dulley, Frances, grocer and draper, King street
Edwards, James, confectioner and grocer, Wells street
Edwards, Jeremiah, White Hart Inn, White Hart street
Edwards, Robert, Bell Inn, Bridge street
Edwards, Robert James, dealer in game, Bridge street
Ellis, George, fishmonger, Great Magdalen street
Ellis, Philip, tailor, Great Magdalen street
Emms, Joseph, furniture broker, Great Magdalen street
Esling, Henry, tailor, Guildhall street
Farr, Alfred, printer, bookseller, and general stationer, King street
Farrow, Benjamin, tailor, Earl’s street
Feltham, Mrs. Mary, watch and clock maker, Market-place
Fendick, Francis Edward, tailor, King street
Fetch, Sarah, Victoria Shades, Nether road
Fleet, James, bookseller and binder, Earl’s street
Foulsham, Charles, baker, King street
Fowell, Henry, dealer in tea and coffee, Earl’s street
Foyson, Cornall, merchant, Ford place
Foyson, James and Sons, maltsters and wool merchants, Bridge street, h
King street
Frost, Edward, tanner and wool merchant, Wells street
Frost, Edward and Sons, tanners and felmongers, wool staplers, curriers,
and leather merchants, White Hart street, and Tanners’ lane
Frost, George, boot and shoe maker, Raymond street
Gates, John Henry, English master at grammar school, London road
Gill, Francis, shopkeeper, Old Market street
Gill, Garner, merchant, Wells street
Gill, John Willis, miller, Cage lane
Gill, Robert, whitesmith and bell-hanger, Old Market street
Gill, William, fishmonger and fruiterer, Guildhall street
Godfrey, George, boat builder, &c., Bury road
Golding, John, Railway Tavern, near the Station
Gooch, William, shopkeeper, Back street
Goodricks, Thomas George, boot and shoe maker, Guildhall street
Greene, William, tailor, Earl’s street
Gunstone, David, shopkeeper, Bury road
Hammond, Sophia, grocer and draper, Great Magdalen street
Hardy, Charles Wilmot, classical master at the grammar school, London
road
Harold, Mrs. Ann, baker, Guildhall street
Harris, Henry, watch maker, jeweller, and silversmith, King street
Harvey and Hudsons, bankers, Bridge street
Harvey, James M., draper, &c., King street
Harvey, William, brush and clog manufacturer, Great Magdalen street
Hassam, John H., Excise officer, White Hart street
Henley, Mrs., milliner and dress-maker, Magdalen street
Hill, Charles, grocer, Magdalen street
Hollingsworth, Richard, timber merchant, Magdalen street
Houchen, John, solicitor, clerk of the peace, and agent to (Messrs.
Oakes, Bevan, and Co., bankers, Bury Saint Edmund’s,) London road
Howard, Jacob, boot and shoe maker and postmaster, Market-place
Howard, Joseph, veterinary surgeon, Town street
Howard, Maria, the Horse Shoes, Great Magdalen street
Huggins, Charles, butcher, St. Cuthbert’s, Market-place
Hunt, Edward, King’s Arms, King street
Jackson, John, the Plough, Croxton road
Jennings, Mr., farmer, Place farm, Mill lane
Johnson, Henry, carpenter and builder, Market street
Joslin, George, accountant, London road
Juler, John, grocer and draper, Bridge street
Kent, Robert, Coach and Horses, Mundford road
King, Thomas, wheelwright, Back street
Kingdon, George, grocer, Old Market place
Leech, Mrs., dress and stay maker, Earl’s street
Lock, Henry, the Star Inn, Bury road
Lockwood, George, tobacconist, Earl’s street
Mackenzie, G. W., surgeon, Bury road
Mann, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Matthew, William G., tailor, Raymond st.
Matthews, Miss S., milliner and dress maker, Raymond street
Meadows, Josiah, tailor, King street
Moore, Henry, Half Moon, Mundford road
Munn, Richard, Winchester and Co., paper manufacturers, Mill lane
Musk, Thomas, Three Hoops, Magdalen street
Neobard, John, and Son, wine merchants, London road
Nye, Charles, dispensing chemist, King street
Oakes, Bevan, Moor, and Co., bankers, Bridge street
Oldman, John and S., cabinet makers, upholsterers, auctioneers and
woollen repository, King street
Palmer, Alfred, coach builder, London road
Palmer, James, bricklayer, Great Magdalen street
Palmer, John, baker, White Hart street
Peachey, Samuel, accountant, Church street
Peacock, William, draper, King street
Peak, Lewis, supervisor, Magdalen street
Pechey, Joseph, boot and shoe maker, Great Magdalen street
Pechey, William, accountant, Bridge street
Peck, Edward, stone and marble mason, London road
Peck, Sarah Ann, milliner and dress maker, London road
Petteny, William, the Spread Eagle, Old Market street
Plumpton, Mary Ann, Anchor Hotel, Bridge street
Pollard, Alfred, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Pratt, Sarah, confectioner, King street
Pretty, Elizabeth, plumber and glazier, Guildhall street
Puttick, Henry, day classical academy, Magdalen street
Reeder, Robert, Golden Horse Shoe, Back street
Reeve, Henry, carrier, Earl’s lane
Reynolds, John, basket maker, Wells street
Reynolds, Robert, bird preserver, Bridge street
Richardson, Thomas, agent for Harvey and Hudson, bankers
Ripper, William, Engine and Tender, Mundford road
Rogers, Wallis, grocer and draper, Market-place
Rumblow, George, foreman to paper mills, Mill lane
Sakens, Elizabeth, straw bonnet maker, Magdalen street
Salter, W. P., farmer, Abbey farm
Scales, Mary, fancy repository, White Hart street
Scott, Emma, draper, King street
Sharp, William, stone and marble mason, Guildhall street
Shaw, Robert, gardener and seedsman, Great Magdalen street
Skippins, Charles, currier and leather cutter
Slipper, James, boot and shoe maker, Guildhall street
Smart, Charles, ironmonger, King street
Smith, Dennis, registrar of births, deaths, and marriages, Guildhall
street
Smith, John, carpenter and builder, Back street
Snare, Rebecca, shopkeeper, Bury road
Snare, Susan, milliner and dress maker, Mill lane
Spalding, John, licensed brewer, Bury road
Sparrow, Sarah, shopkeeper, Garden place
Spendlove, Hannah, watch and clock maker, Bridge street
Spendlove, Robert, Dog and Partridge, Guildhall street
Steward, Stephen, Fleece Inn, Croxton road
Stokes, Joseph, cork manufacturer, Guildhall street
Stone, Mary, carrier to Bury, Back street
Tingay, Samuel, shopkeeper, Tavern lane
Tompson, George, timber merchant, Magdalen street
Towell, William, tailor, Magdalen street
Trail, William, accountant, Magdalen street
Traise, Edward, baker, Guildhall street
Tudd, Henry, hair dresser, Magdalen str.
Tunney, John, saddle and harness maker, rope and twine maker, Bridge
street
Tyler, Charles Dewing, Red Lion inn, Market-place
Tyrrell, John, Black Horse, Great Magdalen street
Tyrrell, Henry Robert, maltster and farmer, White Hart street
Ward, George, baker, Great Magdalen street
Watson, Cornelius, butcher, Back street
Webb, Richard, baker, White Hart street
West, John, veterinary surgeon, Market-place
West, William, boot and shoe maker, leather seller, agent to the Fire and
Life Insurance Office, Guildhall street
Whistler, William, game dealer, and sheriffs’ officer, King street
Whiterod, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Guildhall street
Wicks, William Watts, brewer and spirit merchant, Thetford
Wilson, Philip, hair dresser, Magdalen street
Woolsey, Abraham, Albion inn, Magdalen street
Woolsey, William, George inn, Back street
Wright, George, plumber and glazier, Great Magdalen street
Youngs, Thomas, the Angel, Guildhall street




FAKENHAM.


Fakenham, formerly called Fakenham-Lancaster, is a market-town and
parish, 33¾ miles from Norwich, and 137½ from London.  The town is very
pleasantly situated on a declivity, north of the river Wensum.  It has of
late years been considerably improved by the erection of several neat
houses: the streets are well paved, and lighted with gas.  The market;
held on Thursday, is well supplied and attended.  There are two fairs; on
Whit-Monday and November 22nd.  The population, in 1851, was 2,347.

The New Corn Exchange was opened August 23rd, 1855, and is a very fine
erection, suitable for the purposes required.

The church of St. Peter is a handsome structure, chiefly in the later
English style, with a lofty embattled tower, crowned by crocketted
pinnacles, and containing eight bells; it has a nave and chancel, with
north and south aisles.  A new east window, in five compartments, partly
filled with stained glass, was erected in 1805, and a new organ in
1826—the latter at the expense of the late rector.  The inside of the
church is neatly pewed; the chancel is separated from the nave by a
finely-carved screen; the font is octangular, and embellished with
carvings of the arms of the duchy of Lancaster, and the emblems of the
Evangelists, the Trinity, and the Passion.  A beautiful altar-piece of
Bath stone, in the Gothic style, designed by Mr. Brown of Norwich, and
executed by Mr. Daniel Forster, was put up in 1844.  The living is a
rectory, in the gift of Trinity College, Cambridge.  The Rev. M. A.
Atkinson is the rector.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Atkinson, Rev. Michael Angelo, rector of Fakenham, Post-office street
Blanchflower, Miss Ann, Wells road
Blanchflower, Mr. John, Wells road
Canham, Mr. William, Bridge street
Cousins, Mrs. Mary Ann, Wells road
Damant, Thomas William Esq., M.D., M.R.C I.L.L.I.A., Post-office street
Legge, Rev. William, dissenting minister
Marrison, Mrs. Frances, Wells road
Potter, Richard Goodwyn, Esq., Market-place
Roberts, Mrs. Matilda, Wells road
Rogers, Mrs. Phebœ, White Horse street
Rudds, Mrs. Alice, Bridge street
Rudling, Mrs. Alice, Wells road
Seppings, Mr. Edmund, Norwich street
Sillett, Miss, Post-office street
Soams, Mrs., White Horse street
Woodcock, Mrs. Ann, White Horse street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Alderslade, Henry, clothier and general outfitter, opposite the Corn Hall
Allshorn, Lavel Lawlor, station master
Anderson, George, British schoolmaster, White Horse street
Ansell, Robert, cabinet maker, auctioneer and appraiser, Norwich street
Antingham, James, shopkeeper and bricklayer, Oak street
Bacon, William Brett, grocer and tea dealer, Norwich street
Baker, William, baker and farmer, Norwich street
Baldwin, George Thomas, veterinary surgeon, Norwich street
Bambridge, Martin, china and glass dealer, Post and Stamp-office,
Post-office street
Barley, Edmund Johnson, chemist and druggist, Market-place
Barrett, Robert, cattle dealer, Rampant Horse street
Barrett, William, butcher, Oak street
Berrett, James, butcher and dealer, Wells road
Bottomley, Charles, stone and marble mason, Norwich street
Boulter, Robert, plumber, glazier, and painter, Market-place
Brereton, John, licensed brewer, Hall staithe
Brett, John, baker, Norwich road
Burrell, Daniel, hair dresser and perfumer, Market-place
Burrell, Daniel, furnishing ironmonger and clerk to the market,
Market-place
Burrell, George, hair dresser, Bridge street
Burrell, Mary Ann, Berlin wool shop, Norwich street
Bushell, Charles D., furnishing ironmonger, Market-place
Bushell, John Dunham, wholesale and retail grocer and tea-dealer,
Market-place
Bushell, Samuel, saddler and harness maker, Broad street
Campbell, Robert, farmer, Hay’s lane
Carter, William, shopkeeper, Bridge street
Cates, Robert, solicitor, the Grove
Chapman, Charles, draper, White Horse street
Clark, John, boot and shoe maker, Oak street
Clarke and Son, tailors, Oak street
Clipperton, Robert, saddler and harness maker, Market-place
Coker, William, boot and shoe maker, Mill lane
Cole, R. F., miller, Holt road
Cole, Thomas, grocer and draper, Market-place
Collett, Jonas, watch and clock maker, Market-place
Cowles, Messrs. and Son, classical and commercial academy, Norwich street
Cook, Mary Elizabeth, straw bonnet maker, White Horse street
Cook, Edward, coach builder, Bridge street
Cooper and Ward, linen drapers, Bridge street
Cox, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Norwich street
Crane, Robert, shopkeeper, Post-office street
Crisp, William, brewer, Market-place
Cummings, T. C., tailor, draper, and hatter, Norwich street
Cushing, John, brazier, Post-office street
Davey, Samuel, corn and seed merchant, Wells road
Davy, John Mays, watch and clock maker, silversmith and jeweller,
Market-place
Dawson, William, watch and clock maker, Norwich street
Diggins, Henry, the Oak inn, Post-office street
Donaldson, John, manager to the East of England bank, Market square
Drew, Alfred, surgeon, Norwich street
Drewell, Robert, hair dresser, Bridge street
Druery, John, tailor and outfitter, Market-place
Dunham, William, boot and shoe maker, Oak street
Ebberson, Robert M., grocer, Bridge street
Eglington, John, draper, Norwich street
Fidgett, William, currier and leather merchant, Broad street
Fidgett, William, pianoforte warehouse, musical instruments and music
seller, Broad street
Flowers, Robert Hall, Railway tavern and farmer, Norwich road
Flowers, Rouse, cooper, Norwich road
Forster, Daniel, stone and marble mason, Bridge street
Frost, Robert, shopkeeper, Oak street
Fyson, Joseph, miller and maltster, Fakenham mills
Gant, Richard, baker, Hay’s lane
Gardiner, David, tailor and draper, Upper Market
Garrod, John, iron foundry and engineer, Wells road
Gates, John, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Girling, Robert, builder, Hay’s lane
Goggs, Arthur, plumber, glazier, and confectioner, Norwich street
Goggs, Nathaniel D., grocer and draper, Corn Hall square
Goggs, Thomas R., miller, Bridge street
Goodman, Ann, dress-maker, Wells road
Goulson, Robert, Bull inn, Bridge street
Gray, Baker, baker, Oak street
Green, Henry, solicitor, Bridge street
Gricks, William, the Nelson, Hay’s lane
Grimes, William, Corn Hall tavern, Oak street
Gurneys, Birkbeck, and Co., bankers, Market-place
Habberton, Mrs. Elizabeth, boot and shoe maker, Norwich street
Hamond, Robert N., bank manager, Tuns street
Harding, John, sub-contractor for the Eastern Counties railway company,
Wells road
Harper, William, shopkeeper, Wells road
Harrison, Roger, Red Lion hotel, Market-place
Hendry, William, boot and shoe maker, Oak street
Herring, Robert, gardener and seedsman, Wells road
Hill, Martha, school mistress, Infant National school, Wells road
Hipkin, Mary Ann, straw bonnet maker, Post-office street
Horne, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Horsley, Charles and Son, coach builders, Bridge street
Horsley, Elizabeth, the Bell, Norwich road
Horsley, Mary, whitesmith in general, Tuns street
Horsley, Richard, relieving officer and register, Tuns street
Horsley, Robert, Black Horse, Quaker’s lane
Horsley, Robert, gunsmith and bell-hanger, Quaker’s lane
Howchin, Mary Ann, milliner and straw bonnet maker, White Horse street
Howorth, Edward, corn and seed merchant, Hay’s lane
Hubbard, Robert, linen draper, grocer, and tallow chandler, Norwich
street
Hunt, James, agent to Norwich Fire and Life Office, Bridge street
Hyder, William S., plumber, glazier, and ornamental painter, Norwich
street
Johnson, Henry, plumber and glazier, Tuns street
Kendall, Joshua, Cattle Market inn, Market-place
Kent, Henry, solicitor, Market-place, h Balance hall, Norwich street
Kent and Watson, solicitors, Market-place
Langley, Benjamin, horse breaker, Wells road
Langley, Vincent, builder, Oak street
Leeder, Besome, furniture broker, Market-place
Leverage, Maria, baker, Quaker street
Lulman, Charles, surveyor, Bridge street
Mace, Charles, draper, Market square
Margetts, Job, coach builder, Wells road
Mason, Matthew, green grocer, Norwich street
Mason, Samuel, fishmonger and carrier, Norwich street
Middleton, Francis B., actuary to the Savings bank, Post-office street
Miles, T. A., bankers’ clerk, Norwich street
Miller, Thomas John, printer, bookseller, binder, and stationer,
Market-place
Newby, William, draper and silk mercer, Market-place
Nicholson, Samuel, chemist and druggist, opposite the Corn Hall
Oakford, James, brazier, Holt road
Page, William, attorney’s clerk, Tuns street
Pawley, Robert, the Cow, Holt road
Pawley, Susan, straw bonnet maker, Norwich street
Plattin, Howard, chemist, druggist, and surgeon dentist, Market-place
Readwin, Joseph, builder and surveyor, York street
Readwin, Joseph, builder and surveyor, Quaker’s lane
Readwin and Tuck, milliners and dress-makers, Wells road
Richardson, Richard, boot and shoe maker, Norwich street
Rivett, William, whitesmith and bell-hanger, Quaker’s street
Rivett, William, cattle dealer, Rampant Horse street
Rolf, James, basket maker, Oak street
Rudge, Edward D., physician, Wells road
Rudland, George, butcher, Bridge street
Rudland, Henry, butcher, Market-place
Rudling, Joseph, the Star, Oak street
Sands, Isaac, Brewers Arms, Tuns street
Sayer, John, butcher, Norwich road
Sayer, Misses. R. and S., milliners, Corn Hall square
Scarle, George, chemist and druggist, Market-place
Sharpe, John, bankers’ clerk, Oak street
Scurl, Benjamin, the Sun inn, Norwich street
Sheringham, William, wine merchant, Market-place
Sly, Samuel James, confectioner, Bridge street
Sillett, Robert, wine, hop, seed, and wool merchant, Post-office street
Skipper, John, postman, Mill lane
Smith, Henry, miller, Bridge street
Smith, John, earthenware dealer, Oak st.
Smith, John, tailor, Holt road
Smith, John W., carpenter, Market-place
Southgate, William, coach builder, Post-office street
Stewardson, G. N., printer, bookseller, binder, stationer, and fancy
repository, Upper Market
Stoke, Mrs., ladies’ day school, Mill lane
Stoughton, James, Crown hotel, commercial inn, and posting house,
Market-place
Strangleman, George, horse dealer, White Horse street
Strutt, Samuel, the Rampant Horse, Rampant Horse street
Syder, George, farmer and seed merchant Oak street
Syder, Soughton, coal merchant, Quakers’ street
Trundall, Ann, milliner and dress maker, White Horse street
Turner, John, builder, Rampant Horse street
Tye, John, butcher and grocer, Norwich street
Utting, George, tailor, Quakers’ street
Utting, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Vurley, Elizabeth, milliner and dress maker, Rampant Horse street
Ward, William, tea-dealer, Wells road
Waters, Benjamin, coach builder, Holt road
Waters, Elizabeth, milliner and dress-maker, Holt road
Waters, John, coach builder, Holt road
Wilson, Thomas, policeman, Police station, White Horse street
Winter, George, cabinet maker, Brewers’ Arms street
Woodhouse, Henry, smith in general, Holt road
Wright, Gregory, marine store dealer, Oak street
Wright, John, clerk to the magistrates, do. taxes, do. board guardians,
Wellingham union, superintendent registrar, secretary to Corn Exchange,
agent to Sun Fire office, Bridge street
Wright, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, White Horse street




AYLSHAM.


Aylsham.  A market and union town, in South Erpingham hundred, East
Norfolk, 125½ miles from London, and 12 N. of Norwich; contained, in
1851, 2,741 inhabitants, and 4,311 acres.  The annual value of assessed
property in 1846 was £9,191 2s. 6d.  It stands on the river Bure, which
is navigable to Yarmouth.  The market is held on Tuesday.  Fairs are held
yearly on March 23rd and last Tuesday in September, and a hiring for
servants on the first Tuesday in October.  Petty Sessions are held every
Tuesday at the Black Boys Hotel; Mr. Frederic Roe, Clerk to Magistrates.

The church of St. Michael was built by John of Gaunt, of Lancaster, the
court of whose duchy was once hold in this town.  The font is enriched
with bas-reliefs of the four emblems of the Evangelists, the instruments
of the Passion, and the arms of Gaunt, with other armorial insignia.
Here is a monument to the memory of Richard Howard, Sheriff of Norwich,
who in 1488 built the church porch.  The east window is decorated with
stained glass.  The church has ten bells, a large and lofty steeple,
clock, and organ.  The living is a vicarage, in the gift of the Dean and
Chapter of Canterbury.  The Rev. E. T. Yates is the vicar.

The Baptists, Wesleyans, and Primitive Methodists, have each a chapel
here.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Bond, Mrs. E., Cawston road
Browne, Miss Martha, Cromer road
Butler, Miss Mary, Millgate
Butler, John, Cromer road
Colby, Miss Charlotte, White Halt str.
Copeman, George, Esq., Cromer road
Ebbetts, Mrs. Elizabeth, Market place
Gunton, Miss Frances, Cromer road
Gunton, George, Esq., White Hart street
Hilliman, Mrs. Cromer road
Houndsfield, Mrs. Mary, Cromer road
Mileham, Miss Mary, Millgate
Postle, Robot, Esq., farmer, Cawston road
Short, Miss Sarah, Rod Lion street
Walpole, Mrs. Emily, White Hart street
Yates, Rev. E. T., vicar of St. Michael’s, Vicarage house
Young, Miss Elizabeth, Millgate



TRADES.  PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abbs, William, baker, Church hill
Ager, George, Diocesan school (president, Lord Sondes; visitor, the
Bishop of Norwich) Post-office street
Austen, Baker S., ironmonger, Market-place
Ayton, Harriet, milliner and dress-maker, Market-place
Bane, Mary, shopkeeper, Millgate
Bane, William, chemist and druggist, Red Lion street
Barber, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Red Lion street
Bartram, William and Son, builders and timber merchants, Millgate
Bird, Joseph, Ship tavern, White Hart street
Blyth, Isaac, tailor, Millgate
Bonn, Winter, millwright, Cawston rood
Breeze, James, Black Boys hotel and posting house, Market-place
Breeze, Stephen, tailor and woollen draper, Market-place
Bullock, F. T. and millers and maltsters, Millgate
Burrell, George, builder, cabinet maker, upholsterer, and auctioneer,
Market-place
Burton, William, shopkeeper, White Hart street
Butler, William, smith in general, Cawston road
Cary, Thomas, shopkeeper, Millgate
Case, James Lee, farmer, Millgate
Chapman, Robert, butcher, Red Lion street
Charlton, Thomas, Primitive Methodist preacher, White Hart street
Clarke, George, Red Lion, Red Lion str.
Clemente, Charles and Son, printers, bookbinders, stamp office, reading
room and library.  Market-place
Clover, John, baker and confectioner, (agent to the General Hail Storm
Company) Market-place
Copemans and Gurney, bankers; manager, Jacob Middleton, jun., Norwich
road
Colk, Ann, day school, Bridewell corner
Connold, Thomas, watch and clock maker, agent to Norwich Equitable Fire
office, Market-place
Culley, Benjamin, bricklayer, Cawston rd.
Dale, Robert, hair-dresser and bird preserver, Market-place
Davison, James, baker and miller, Butt Land lane
Edwards, John, china and glass dealer, Red Lion street
Elden, Eleanor, milliner and dress-maker, Red Lion street
Elden, Elizabeth, general shopkeeper, Red Lion street
England and Roper, grocers and drapers, Red Lion street
Eston, Robert, baker, Millgate
Feek, Dick, the New Inn, Red Lion street
Firmage, John, boot and shoe maker, Pinfold street
Fitt, Edward, gardener, Red Lion street
Fitt, James, the Anchor, Millgate
Fitt, John, watch and clock maker, Red Lion street
Forster, William, solicitor
Foxhall, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Caston street
Franklin, James, harness maker, Red Lion street
Freeman, John, stone and marble mason, and Stone Masons’ Arms, Millgate
Gatterson, Thomas, wheelwright and carpenter, Cromer road
Goodwin, Keziah, straw bonnet maker, Butt Land lane
Griffin, John, grocer and draper, Market-place
Grimson, John, carpenter, Pinfold street
Haddon, James, glover, &c., White Hart street
Harris and Nitch, millers and farmers, Caston road
Harrod, James, agent to the Norwich Union Fire and Life office, h
Paradise
Hatcher, Jane, milliner and dress-maker, Red Lion street
Hill, William, the Unicorn inn, Post-office street
Horstead, John, bricklayer, Post-office street
Howes, Matthew, general dealer, White Hart street
Ingate, Lewis, coachmaker, Commercial road
Jones, Edmund, superintendent of the police station, Cromer road
Johnson, Jane, school-mistress, Post-office street
Johnson, John, boot and shoe maker, Post-office street
Larke, John, cabinet maker, Cromer road
Laxen, Henry, saddle and harness maker, Market place
Laxon, Richard, baker and confectioner, Red Lion street
Lemon, Benjamin, saddle and harness maker, Red Lion street
Lomax, George, beer retailer, Millgate
Mark, Charles, grocer, draper, and shoe man, Market-place
Margetson, Robert, Norwich carrier and merchant
Mash, Eliza, shop-keeper, Millgate
Matthews, Richard, the Star inn, Red Lion street
Miller, Sarah, straw bonnet maker, Cromer road
Middleton, Jacob, jun., bank manager, Norwich road
Miller, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, White Hart street
Morton, R. K. Esq., physician, Cromer road
Moy, John, the Feathers, Cawston road
Mole, Elijah, baker, Pinfold street
Nicholls, John, the White Horse, Millgate
Nobbs, Mary Ann, superintendent of the post-office, Post-office street
Ostick, Robert, boot and shoemaker, White Hart street
Page, William, draper and grocer, Red Lion street
Parmeter, Robert W., Esq., solicitor, clerk of the Peace for the County
of Norfolk: h Cromer road
Payne, James, boot maker, Red Lion str.
Payne, William, boot and shoe maker, Red Lion street
Pert, David, plumber and glazier, Red Lion street
Pike, Robert, smith in general, Red Lion street
Platten, Edward Suffolk, Temperance house, Church hill
Poll, Frederic, sawyer, Town lane
Poll, Henry, beer retailer and brewer, White Hart street
Powell, Benjamin, grocer and draper, Market place
Proudfoot, John, carpenter and joiner, Post-office street
Puncher, William, the Dog inn, Norwich road
Purdy, James, patten and clog maker, Market place
Purdy, James, Norwich carrier and fishmonger, Red Lion street
Pye, Allen, the Swan, rent collector, Post-office street
Ransome, Horatio, tailor and draper, Red Lion street
Repton, William, solicitor, Market place
Roe, Daniel, F., solicitor’s clerk, Town lane
Rust, William and Eliza, ironmongers and boot and shoe makers, Red Lion
street
Sands, Sarah, butcher, Post-office street
Sands, James, butcher and farmer, Red Lion street
Scott, George, grocer and draper, Red Lion street
Scott, William Henry, solicitor, offices Market place: h Norwich road
Sexton, Joseph, baker, Post-office street
Smart, William, beer retailer and brewer, Post-office street
Smith, Frederick P., surgeon, Market place
Smithson, James, hairdresser, Red Lion street
Soame, Henry, farmer, Cawston road
Soame, John, baker, White Hart street
Starling, William, basket maker, Red Lion street
Stearman, Ann, shopkeeper, Red Lion street
Stearman, Frederick, tailor, Post-office street
Stearman, James, gardener, Cawston road
Sutton, John, tailor and draper, Red Lion street
Symonds, John, chemist and druggist, Market place
Tattam, George Edward, smith in general, Cromer road
Thirtle, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Norwich road
Tuck, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Millgate
Turner, Frederick James, ladies’ boarding and day school, Market place
Ulph, John Hook, Cross Keys and wheelwright, Red Lion street
Waller, J. W., Commercial road
Warren, Thomas, tea dealer and draper, Market place
Watson, James W. B., basket maker and reed merchant, Millgate
Williamson, Henry, the Bull inn, Red Lion street
Wright, William, day and boarding school for young gentlemen, Commercial
road




DISS


Diss.  A neat and well-built market town, in Diss hundred, East Norfolk,
with a railway station 26½ miles N. of Ipswich, 24 miles E. of Bury St.
Edmund’s, 19 S.W. of Norwich, and 94½ N.E. of London.  It is separated
from Suffolk by the river Waveney.  The town is flourishing, and contains
some good shops.  The population is 3,600, and the area in acres is
3,382, including Westbrook green, Walcot green, and Diss Heywood.  The
Earl of Albemarle is lord of the manor of the latter, a large farming
district, to the N. of Diss.  There are two fairs held here, on the third
Friday in September, and on the 8th of November.  It has also a weekly
market held on Friday.  The town is lighted with gas.  The Church of the
Virgin Mary is a large, handsome structure, with a fine square tower and
eight bells, upon which a set of chimes play every four hours.  The
rectory produces an annual income of £900, and the patron and incumbent
is the Rev. W. Manning.

The Wesleyans, Independents, Primitive Methodists, Baptists, Unitarians,
and Quakers, have chapels here.  There is also a National School for boys
and girls.

The petty sessions are held every alternate Monday, at the King’s Head
Inn.  The Excise office is held at the same place; likewise the Diss
Horticultural meeting.

The Eastern Union extension railway passes through the parish, at about a
mile E. of the town.

The New Corn Hall is in the Grecian style of architecture, with a lofty
stone portico, approached by a flight of steps from St. Nicholas’ street;
the interior is 77 ft. long, 42 ft. wide, and 27 ft. high; it has a glass
roof with a ground glass ceiling beneath it, to prevent the glare of the
sun.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Barkham, Mr. Thomas, Crown street
Barnard, Mrs., Mount street
Brook, Samuel, Esq., Mere street
Clubbe, Rev. James H., curate of Reydon, St. Nicholas’ street
Cox, Miss E., Roydon road
Davey, Mrs. M., the Common
Farrow, Samuel, Esq., Bridge street
Farrow, Miss Temperance, Crown street
Field, Rev. J., Independent minister
Jerrett, Mr. John, the Common
Juba, Mr. Thomas, Roydon road
Lewis, Rev. John Philip, Baptist minister, Crown street
Manning, Rev. C., M.A., the Cottage
Manning, Rev. Wm., rector of St. Mary, h the Rectory
Mines, Mrs. Elizabeth, Market-place
Rose, Miss Hannah, Mount street
Shepherd, Rev. Henry James, curate of St. Nicholas, Crown street
Smith, Mrs., Mere street
Tacon, Mrs. Rachel, Crown street
Tares, Mr. Joseph, the Common
Taylor, Miss Mary, Mount street
Thompson, Mr. Robert, Crown street
Wells, Mr. James, Common
Whaite, Mr. Thomas, Mere street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abbott, Edward, printer, bookbinder, stationer, and music seller, Mere
street
Abbott, Joseph, tea-dealer, the Common
Aldrich, George, butcher, Bridge street
Aldrich, Henry, commercial traveller, Mount street
Aldrich, John, ironmonger, brazier, painter, plumber, and glazier, St.
Nicholas’ street
Aldrich, Robert, brush and patten manufacturer, St. Nicholas’ street
Aldrich, Mrs. Robert, grocer and tea-dealer, St. Nicholas’ street
Aldrich, William, hat manufacturer, Crown street
Alger, Cleersewell, land agent, surveyor, and lithographer, agent to the
London Indisputable Life office, and the London Unity Fire office, Mere
street
Alger, James, accountant, Crown street
Allen, Ann, the Star, Mere street
Amyott, Thomas E., surgeon, Crown str.
Andrews, William, watch and clock maker, jeweller and silversmith, St.
Nicholas’ street
Angold, Henry, carpenter and joiner, Mount street
Atkins, George and Son, carpenters and joiners, Back lane
Atkins, James, carpenter and builder, Church street
Austin, Edward, saddle and harness maker, Mere street
Baldwin, Cutty, dealer, the Tuns, Common
Baldwin, John, currier and leather seller, Church street
Barkham, W. H., cabinet maker, upholsterer, paper hanger, appraiser, &c.,
Market-place
Barkway, Edward, gardener and seedsman, Common
Barnard, Alfred Francis, solicitor, St. Mary’s terrace
Barrett, Philip, grocer, tea-dealer and porter merchant, Mere street
Battel, John, broker, Mount street
Battel, William, the Greyhound, St. Nicholas’ street
Berrett, Benjamin, basket maker and cooper, Mere street
Berrett, William, corn chandler, the Sun inn, Mere street
Bishop, Henry, boot and shoe warehouse, opposite the Church
Bobby, Henry, tailor, draper, and hatter, Market square
Bobby, James H., draper, &c., Saint Nicholas’ street
Boggis and Son, silk mercers and drapers, Mere street
Bond, George, tailor, St. Nicholas’ street
Booty, James, tea-dealer, St. Nicholas’ street
Broad, Mrs. A., milliner, Mere street
Broad, George W., brush and patten manufacturer, St. Nicholas’ street
Browne, George F., solicitor, Mount street
Browne, Samuel, clothier, Market-place
Browning, Samuel, grocer and tea-dealer, Market-place and Common
Brunning, John, carpenter, Church street
Bryant, Daniel, tailor and draper, Mere street
Bull, Charles, surgeon, Mount street
Bunyan, John W., saddle and harness maker, St. Nicholas’ street
Burch, Susannah, seminary for young ladies, Mount street
Burch, Thomas, cooper, Mount street
Burrows, Band, G., grocer and tea-dealer, ladies’ boot and shoe
establishment, Mere street
Burrows, Robert, maltster, Crown street
Burrows, Thomas, hair-dresser and bird preserver, Market-place
Carman, Robert, brewer and retailer of beer, Crown street
Cary, John S., general dealer, Market-place
Chambers, Edmund, the Half Moon, St. Nicholas’ street
Chaplyn, Mary Ann, milliner and dress-maker, Crown street
Chaplyn, William, hair-dresser, Crown street
Chaplyn, William, corn, coal, and malt merchant, Common
Chapman, George, farmer, Heywood
Chase, Charles, butcher, Market-place
Chatton, Zachariah, farmer, Heywood
Cobb, Harriet, baker, Bridge street
Cobb, Samuel, plumber, glazier, and sheriffs’ officer, fancy toy shop,
Mere street
Cobb, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Church street
Coe, Jarvis, painter, plumber, and glazier, Mere street
Coleman, Benjamin, tailor, Mount street
Collier, Charles, station master, Station
Cooke, James, linen manufacturer, St. Nicholas’ street
Copeman, William, broker, Crown street
Copping, William, grocer and draper, Bridge street
Cotman, Thomas, registrar of births, deaths, and marriages, and corn
inspector, Bridge street
Cracknell, John, grocer and draper, Market hill and St. Nicholas’ street
Creasey, Emily, milliner and dress-maker, St. Mary’s terrace
Crisp, Simon, butcher, Crown street
Cubitt, Clara, fancy repository, Mere st.
Cupiss, Francis, chemist and druggist, veterinary surgeon, printer and
bookbinder, Mere street
Cuthbert, Henry, corn, coal, and seed merchant, Mere street
Cutting, John, farmer, Heywood
Dakin, George, commercial traveller, the Common
Debenham, Edward, linen draper, Crown street
Denlock, Mr., boarding and day school for young gentlemen, Church street
Digby, Josiah, fishmonger, Crown street
Dove, John, watch and clock maker, Crown street
Downing, Robert, builder, Park fields
Easto, Richard, beer retailer, Common
Edwards, Francis, Saracen’s Head, Mount street
Eglington, William, tailor and draper, Mere street
Elliott, Thomas, auctioneer and valuer, St. Mary’s terrace
Elliott, Wm. W., auctioneer, valuer, and farmer, Thelton; firm, Elliott
and Son
Ellis, Robert, farmer, Common
Ellis, Stimpson, farmer, Heywood
Elsey, Jonathan, farmer, Walcot green
Esling, John, grocer and tea-dealer, St. Nicholas’ street
Everett, George, farmer, Heywood
Farrow, Charles, brewer, maltster, wine, spirit, and porter merchant,
Bridge street
Farrow, Joseph, timber merchant, Crown street
Farrow, Thomas, architect and builder, Crown street
Fincham and Simpson, bankers, Diss, Harling and Eye; London agents,
Barclay, Bevan and Co.
Foulger, Edward, farmer, Walcot green
Freeman, Robert, green grocer, Market-place
Garrett Brothers, coach builders, Mere street
Gilman, John, baker, Bridge street green
Goldsmith, Mary, cowkeeper, Common
Goold, Philip, shoeing smith, Ship inn, Mere street
Gostling, Harriet, bookseller, stationer, and dealer in china and
earthenware, Mere street
Gostling, Thomas, chemist, druggist, oil and colorman, Market-place and
Mere street
Gray, Frederic W., organist, Mount street
Hague, Sarah, stay and corset maker, St. Nicholas’ hill
Hague, William, tailor and draper, St. Nicholas’ hill
Hammond, William, boot and shoe maker, Mount street
Harbour, William, farmer, Heywood
Harris, Henry, farmer, Heywood
Harrison, Henry, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Mere street
Harrison, William, cabinet maker, Crown street
Harveys and Hudsons, bankers; H. P. Engshom, manager
Hayward, Henry, shoeing smith, Crown street
Hearn, John, farmer, Burston road
Heffill and Barnard, solicitors
Heffill, Henry, solicitor, Mount street
Hewitt, Robert, the Two Brewers, Saint Nicholas’ street
Holmes, John, dyer and dresser, Mere street
Holmes, Margaret and Eliza, milliners and dress-makers, Mere street
Humphrey, John, painter, plumber, and glazier, Common
Jay, Sarah, miller, Common
Kent, John, clerk to Commissioners of Taxes, agent for the Norwich Fire
Office, and Chief Constable, St. Mary’s terrace
Kent, John, farmer, Darrow road
Kerry, John, corn chandler, St. Nicholas’ street
Kerry, Jonathan, wheelwright, Mount street
Knights, Samuel, shopkeeper, Bridge street green
Knowles, Mary Ann, straw bonnet maker, St. Nicholas’ hill
Knowles, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, St. Nicholas’ hill
Lacy, William, butcher, Mere street
Lait, Charles, coach builder, Mere street
Lait, Thomas, clothier, Crown street
Leathers, Richard, corn chandler, Mere street
Leech, John, currier, Crown street
Leeder, Simon, confectioner, Mere street
Legood, Mrs., milliner and dress-maker, Mount street
Lines, Harriet, ironmonger, brazier, and smith in general, St. Nicholas’
street
Lines, John, cattle dealer, Common
Luccock, James, farmer, Church street
Lusher, William, baker, Church street
Lyns, George, solicitor, Terrace
Mallott, John, gunsmith, Mere street
Mallott, Mildred, spice bread maker, Mere street
Marsh, Arthur F., watch and clock maker, jeweller and silversmith, Crown
street
Mason, Charles, timber and coal merchant, Common
Mayerows, James, shopkeeper, Common
Mice, Hannah, glover, St. Nicholas’ street
Moore, William, King’s Head commercial posting house and revenue office,
Mere street
Murton, Henry, farmer, Heywood
Murton, Robert, sen., farmer, Heywood
Musgrave, Mary Ann, post mistress, Mount street
Muskett, John, surveyor, St. Mary’s terrace
Muskett, John, solicitor, clerk to the magistrates, coroner of the
liberties of the Duke of Norfolk, Crown street
Mutimer, Edward, Bee Hive, Crown street
Newdick, William, farmer, Heywood
Nunn, Richard C., auctioneer and estate agent, Mere street
Payne, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Market place
Payne, John, Red Lion, the Common
Payne, Jonathan, the Cock, Bridge street
Payne, Mrs., Railway tavern, Common
Pearce, Thomas, boot and shoemaker, St. Nicholas’ street
Plummer, John, farmer, Mount street
Poll, Wm., confectioner, Mere street
Quadling, Benjamin, timber and coal merchant, common
Rands, Israel, gardener, Crown street
Rayner, William, coal merchant, Mount street
Read, John, shopkeeper, St. Nicholas’ street
Ready, Richard, boot and shoe maker, Church street
Reeve, John, saddle and harness maker, Crown street
Robinson, Elizabeth and Rose, day and boarding establishment for young
ladies, Mount street
Robinson, John, linen and woollen draper, Market-place
Rogers, Mrs., Crown commercial inn, Crown street
Roper, Miss Hannah, dressmaker, Mount street
Rose, Frederick R., surgeon, the Common
Rout, John, bricklayer, Roydon road
Ruffell, Henry, builder, Church street
Sayer, John W., miller, the Common
Scrivener, Edward, watch and clock maker, Common
Slack, Richard, proprietor to the Gas Works and shoeing smith, Back lane
Smith, Edward, medical botanist, Crown street
Smith, Edmund, farmer, Heywood
Spink, Henry, butcher, Church street
Spurling, William, farmer, Walcot green
Stollery, Charles, farmer, Westby green
Taylor, Dennis, watch and clock maker, silversmith, and jeweller, Mere
street
Taylor, Thomas L., brewer, wine and spirit merchant, Crown street
Teasdel, Henry, ironmonger and bar-iron merchant, Mere street
Tippell, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Crown street
Tovell, William, fishmonger, Back lane
Turrell, William, butcher, Market place
Wallace, Edward, solicitor, Roydon road
Ward, Henry, surgeon, Crown street
Ward, John, the Chequers, Bridge street
Ward, William, the Bell, Market place
Welham, Robert, builder, Mount street
Welham, Sarah, the Dolphin, Church street
Welham, Thomas, hair dresser and wig maker, Mere street
Wells, Frederic, farmer, Heywood
Whaite, Sabina, ironmonger, tin plate worker, brazier, and ironfounder,
Market-place
Whitehead, —, hair dresser and bird preserver, Mere street
Whitrod, Benjamin, watch and clock maker, &c., Market tower
Wilkinson, Joseph, solicitor, Common
Witting, Charles, tea-dealer, Church street
Woodrow, Charles, farmer, Walcot green
Woodrow, Richard, baker, &c., Saint Nicholas’ street
Woodrow, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Crown street
Woodrow, William, baker and confectioner, Market square
Wright, George, the White Horse, Market place
Wright, George, the Cherry Tree, Roydon road




EAST DEREHAM


East Dereham, or Market Dereham, is a market town, railway station, and
parish, partly in Mitford and partly in Launditch hundred, West Norfolk,
12¼ miles E. by N. of Swaffham, 11 from Wymondham, 16 E. by N. of
Norwich, and 102 N.N.E. of London.  The parish contains 5,661 acres, and
a population, in 1851, of 4,385.  It is a very ancient town.  The market
is held on Friday.  The fairs are held in the market-place on the
Thursdays before July 6th and September 29th.  Petty Sessions are held
every alternate Friday, and there is a county court.

The church of St. Nicholas is an ancient building, on the site of the
conventual chapel: the bell tower is square, and is detached from the
church.  It was built 1508–20, and contains a peal of 8 bells.  Wm.
Cowper, the poet, is buried in this church.

The vicarage of East Dereham, with the curacy of Hoe annexed to it, was
valued, in 1831, at £480.  Here is also a sinecure rectory, valued, in
1831 at £710.  The Rev. Wm. Chas. Wollaston holds the sinecure rectory,
in lease from the crown, and is also patron of the vicarage, which is
enjoyed by the Rev. B. J. Armstrong.

The Baptists, Wesleyans, Independents, and Primitive Methodists, have
chapels here.  There is also a British and Foreign, and National School;
the former situated on the London road, and the latter in Theatre Street.
The town is well lighted with gas.  The works were constructed by Mr.
George Malan, but are now in the possession of a company of shareholders:
the gasometer will hold 7,000 cubic feet of gas.  Mr. Stephen Harvey is
secretary, and Mr. C. Aldis is the manager.

Here are Assembly Rooms, built in 1756.  In February, 1852, a Savings’
Bank was established here, under the auspices of the leading families,
and will, undoubtedly, become a great benefit to the labouring classes.

Dillington is a hamlet of this parish, 1 mile N.W., with 40 inhabitants.
Dumpling Green, 1 mile S.  Etling Green, North Hall Green, South Green,
and Toftwood, are other hamlets.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c


Andrews, Thomas, Esq., Quebec road
Armstrong, Rev. B. J., M.A., vicar, Vicarage
Aufrere, Norris, Esq., the Dale
Baker, Misses, Quebec road
Browne, Mrs. Colville, Market-place
Cooper, Mrs. Edmund, Church street
Cooper, Mr. William, Back lane
Curtis, Rev. John, Market-place
De Groube, Mrs. Mary, Church street
Durrant, William, Esq., Gorgate hall
Ellis, Mrs., Norwich road
Girling, Barry, Esq., Hambletoft house
Gooch, Mrs. James, Market-place
Harvey, Thomas, Esq., South green
Holland, Miss, South green
Humphreys, Edward, Esq., Shipdham road
Jeffreys, Rev. George Y., Quebec road
Johnson, Mrs. Ann, High street
Lee Warner, Mrs., Quebec hall
Markant, Mrs. E., Quebec road
Minn, Lewis, Esq., Quebec road
Nalson, Mrs. Caroline, South green
Parke, James, Esq., Norwich road
Pillans, Mrs. Margaret, High street
Ramsdale, Mrs. Thomas, Quebec road
Warner, Mrs., Shrubland lodge
Wollaston, Rev. W. C., M.A., rector, South green
Wright, Miss M.A., Quebec road



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, ETC.


Abram, Joseph, chemist, Market-place
Adams, John, farmer, Dumpling green
Aldis, Christopher, manager of the Gas Works, Quebec road
Aldis, William, academy, Norwich road
Armstrong, John, shopkeeper, Norwich road
Bailey, Edward, hairdresser Market-place
Baker, William, chimney sweeper, South green
Balls, Henry and Son, grocers and hardwaremen, Hall lane
Bambridge, Joseph, baker, Market-place
Banyard, Mrs. Sarah, farmer, Norwich road
Banyard, Matthias, baker, High street
Barkham, T. H., grocer and tea-dealer, High street
Barker, Charles, boot maker, Church street
Barker, James, beer retailer and boot maker, North Hall green
Barker, William, pork butcher, High street
Barkway, James, nursery and seedsman, Baxter row
Barnes, Robert, carrier, the Fleece, Norwich road
Barratt, Frederic, baker and tailor, Norwich road
Barton, Lewis, boot maker, Market-place
Barwell, Edward, corn, wool, wine, and spirit merchant, Market-place
Bates, Samuel, tailor and woollen draper, Market-place
Bayfield, Mrs. Harriet, butcher, High street
Beals, Ishmael, farmer, Etling green
Beals, Samuel, farmer, Toftwood
Bell, Thomas Robert, gun maker and cutler, Church street
Bennett, C., and Co., grocers, Market-place
Bidwell, Samuel S., brewer, maltster, wine and spirit merchant, South
green
Blade, Mrs. Mary, hair cutter, High street
Boyce, Samuel H., watchmaker, Quebec street
Boyce, William, printer, &c., Market-place
Brewster, Edmund and Co., tea-dealers, Market-place
Brock, Robert, tinman, Light Horseman, Baxter row
Broom, Stephen, chimney sweeper, Church street
Brown, Thomas, farmer, Dillington
Bullen, Chamberlain, carpenter, Back lane
Burleigh, William, boot maker, Quebec street
Burton, Henry, boot maker, Baxter row
Carr, James, tailor, Hall lane
Carr, John, tinman, and eating house, High street
Carr, Margaret, milliner, High street
Carter, Mrs., carrier, Back lane
Carter, Matthew, plumber, Norwich road
Carter, Richard, veterinary surgeon, Norwich road
Carthew, George Alfred, solicitor, Quebec street
Catchpole, Robert, beer retailer, Etling green
Catton, Henry, surveyor, Norwich road
Chapling, William, beer retailer, Church street
Clarke Brothers, merchant tailors, hatters, outfitters, and agents for
the waterproof hat and clothing department, Market-place
Coghill, Wm. A., gardener, South green
Cooper and Sons, solicitors, Market-place
Cooper, Charles, butcher, High street
Cooper, Charles, farmer, Toftwood
Cooper and Bowles, ironmongers, &c., High street
Cooper and Johnson, Misses, milliners and dress makers, Church street
Cooper, Henry, jun., baker, Baxter row
Cranmer, John, Chequers, Hall lane
Crofts, Benjamin, chemist, Market-place
Cross, James, farmer, Norwich road
Crowther, Henry, printer and stationer, High street
Cutting, Mrs., George inn, Market-place
Danford, Charles S., beer retailer, London road
Davey, William, farmer, Theatre street
Drake, William, solicitor, Quebec street
Dunn, George, boot maker, Norwich road
Dunn, John, blacksmith, Hall lane
Dye, Anthony, plumber and painter, Quebec street
Eastoe, Harriet, baker, High street
Eastoe, John, boot maker, High street
Eastoe, Mary Ann, school, High street
Eastoe, William, farmer, Etling green
Edwards, James, plumber, Back lane
Edwards, Martin, farmer, Etling green
Elsden, Benjamin, rope maker, Norwich road
Elsy, George, auctioneer, &c., Norwich road
Elsy, Martha, straw bonnet maker, Norwich road
Elsy, William, brazier, Church street
Elvin, James and Son, coach builders and steam saw mills, Norwich road
Elvin, Charles, heraldic painter, Norwich road
Emms, Samuel, beer house, Yaxham road
Feltham, William, boot maker, High street
Filby, William, Eagle inn, Market-place
Francis, W. K. and Co., grocers and drapers, Church street
Francis, John, sack manufacturer, Church street
Frary, Riches, farmer, Dumpling green
Frost, George, butcher, High street
George, Elizabeth, milliner, Norwich road
Gibson, Timothy, Duke of Wellington, Quebec street
Gidney and Son, ironmongers, iron and brass founders, agricultural
implement makers, coal and timber merchants, &c., Market-place
Gill, James and John, iron and brass foundry, engineers and machine
makers, Theatre street
Girling, James B. and Nathaniel, solicitors, Market-place
Girling, George, boot maker, High street
Girling, John, saddler, Market-place
Goshawk, John, gun maker, the Rose, Baxter row
Goward, Lucy, beer house, Yaxham road
Grant, Hannah, straw bonnet maker, Theatre street
Greenacre, James, auctioneer, land, estate and house agent, and sheriffs’
officer, Norwich road
Greenacre, Robert, beer house, Norwich road
Green, Sophia, cooper, High street
Hambling, Robert, brass and iron founder, and agricultural machine maker,
Norwich road
Hambling, Thomas, brass and iron founder, and agricultural machine maker,
High street
Hammond, James, baker, Church street
Hammond, James, leather cutter, Norwich road
Hardcastle, John W., school, Norwich road
Hardy, James, millwright, Back lane
Hastings, Horace C., surgeon, Market-place
Hatfield, Leonard, printer and bookseller, Market-place
Head, James, butcher, Baxter row
Hinsby, Samuel, farmer, North hall green
Hislop, James, watch maker, Quebec
Howarth, Samuel, Red Lion square
Howlett, William, butcher, Baxter row
Howlett, W. Curry, miller and baker, Quebec road
Hubbard, William, builder and contractor, High street
Hudson, John, blacksmith, Quebec street
James, Walter, tailor, Market-place
Jarred, Robert, butcher, Quebec street
Jex, George, grocer and draper, Market-place
Johnson, F. and Son, saddlers, Market-place
Juby, Charlotte, milliner, High street
Keeler, John, beer house, South green
Kemp, Mrs., milliner, basket maker, &c., Market-place
Kerslake, Thomas, auctioneer, &c., Scarning road
King, John, King’s Arms hotel commercial and posting house, Market-place
Maidwell, Thomas, corn dealer, High street
Margetts, Mary Ann, clothes dealer, Hall lane
Marriott, John and Robert, corn and coal merchants, Railway station
Martin, John Upchurch, teacher of music, Norwich road
Martin, Ann, china and glass dealer, High street
Mason, Ann, straw bonnet maker, Church street
Mayes, Ann, plumber, Church street
Mayes, James, farmer, Dumpling green
Mayes, Robert, shopkeeper, Baxter row
Meachen, Edward, brick maker, London road
Merry, Robert, jun., coal and corn merchant, Railway station
Miles, Thomas, glover, &c., Norwich road
Milk, William, farmer, North Hall green
Moore, James, gardener, Norwich road
Moore, William, nursery and seedsman, Norwich road
Monument and Son, carpenters, Baxter row
Munford, James, carpenter, Theatre street
Newell, William, stone and marble mason, Norwich road
Nicholson, Goddard, saddler, High street
Nicholson, James, cabinet maker, Back lane
Nicholson, Thomas N., butcher, High street
Norton, Mrs., shopkeeper, Norwich road
Nuthall, Elizabeth, milliner, Norwich road
Oakley, Francis, stone mason, Baxter row
Oakley, Henry, boot maker, Church street
Pack, Nathaniel, boot and shoe maker, Norwich road
Page, Thomas, grocer, draper, and wholesale and retail tallow chandler,
Market-place
Parke, Thomas, King’s Head commercial inn, brewer, maltster, wine and
spirit merchant, Norwich road
Parker, John, bricklayer, Norwich road
Payne, Minns, beer shop, South green
Peebles, William Skipp, builder, High street
Perkins, James, builder, Norwich road
Phillipo, Edward, shopkeeper, Church street
Philo, George, tax collector and parish clerk, Church street
Pilch, William, tailor, High street
Plowman, Henry, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Norwich road
Potter, Elijah, farmer, Etling green
Potter, R. and J., corn and seed merchants, Railway station
Ramsdale, Mrs., currier and leather cutter, Quebec street
Ramsdale, Robert, auctioneer, corn and coal merchant, Quebec street and
Railway station
Rawlings, Mrs. Wm., shopkeeper, Church street
Read, Burrows, currier and leather cutter, Norwich road
Rising, H. C., grocer, draper, &c., Norwich road
Rix, Charles, boot maker, Theatre street
Rix, Henry, bricklayer and confectioner, High street
Rix, James, farmer, Badley moor
Rix, Mary, baker, Quebec street
Rust, John, blacksmith and confectioner, Market-place
Scholes, Jacob, hatter and furrier, Quebec street
Scraggs, Edward John, plumber, &c., Norwich road
Scraggs, Robert Beeston, clerk to the magistrates and commissioner of
taxes, Quebec road
Sendall, Jonathan, furniture broker, High street
Sendall, William, wheelwright, Baxter row
Sharp, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Quebec corner
Ship, Robert, shopkeeper, High street
Skerritt, William, the Greyhound, High street
Skerry, John, carrier
Skipper, William, baker, Theatre street
Smith, James, farmer, North green
Smith, John P., farmer, Watering farm
Smith, Mary, miller, Toftwood
Smith, Robert, veterinary surgeon, Back lane
Smith, Susan, ironmonger, High street
Speakman, Thomas, boot maker, Waggon and Horses, London road
Speakman, William, boot maker, Norwich road
Springle, William, shopkeeper, Norwich rd
Staines, Timothy, farmer, Badley moor
Stone, Daniel, smith, Norwich road
Stonock, Barney, smith, Etling green
Stonock, Bernard, farmer, Haw hill
Stringer, Mary, straw bonnet maker, Baxter row
Taylor, John, plumber, glazier, &c., High street
Taylor, Thomas, bricklayer, High street
Thacker, John, farmer, and beer house, Hall lane
Thompson, Rev. Joseph, boarding school, Paternoster row
Tomlinson, James, cabinet maker, Market-place
Trollop, James, tailor, Norwich road
Trollop, Mrs., milliner and dress maker, Norwich road
Trollop, John, glove maker, Hall lane
Tuck, James, Cherry Tree, Theatre street
Varden, William, tailor, Market-place
Vincent, Dr. James, Quebec street
Vincent, William, farmer, Etling green
Ward, Jonathan, boot maker, Norwich road
Warman, Thomas, farmer, Dumpling green
Warren, Samuel and Son, corn and coal merchants, Railway station
Webster, Son, and Co., grocers and drapers, Market-place
Wells, H. and W., coach builders and blacksmiths, Norwich road
Wells, Elijah, dyer, Baxter row
Wells, John, auctioneer, &c., Lord Nelson, High street
Wells, Mrs. Catherine, beer house, Norwich road
Wenham, Charlotte, watch maker, Market-place
Wenham, John, watch maker and jeweller, Church street
Wenham, William, boot maker, Church street
Wharton, James, the Bell, Theatre street
Wigg, Charles, jun., farmer, Etling green
Wigg, Grigson, farmer, Park farm
Willden, John, miller, Norwich road
Willimont, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Church street
Willimont, Kirby John, baker, Baxter row
Wilson, James, beer shop, Back lane
Wilson, Thomas, baker, Hall lane
Woodcock, Sarah, beer retailer, Etling green
Wright, Elizabeth, milliner, Market-place




SWAFFHAM.


Swaffham.  A parish, market, union, polling town, and railway station, in
South Greenhoe hundred, West Norfolk, and Norwich Bishopric, 15 miles
E.S.E. of Lynn, 27 miles W. of Norwich, and 93 miles N.N.E. of London.
The population, in 1851, was 3858; and the yearly value of assessed
property, in 1815, was £11,218.

This town, one of the most beautiful in the county, is pleasantly
situated on a rising ground, in a fine open country.  The market is held
on Saturdays.  Annual fairs are held on the second Wednesday in May, the
third Wednesday in July, and the first Wednesday in November, for cattle
and sheep; the latter is one of the largest cattle fairs in Norfolk.  The
general quarter sessions of the peace are held here, by adjournment from
the city of Norwich.

The Church of St. Peter and St. Paul is said to have been built in 1474,
and is cruciform in plan, with an embattled tower, bearing two shields.
About seven years since, in repairing the Church, and in removing the
“Tinker and the Dog,” they found, carved in Latin,

    “Love me, love my dog.”

The living is a vicarage, value £738 per annum, in the gift of the Bishop
of Norwich.

The Baptists, Wesleyans, and Independents, have meeting houses here.
There is a large bridewell here for 600 prisoners.  The town is lighted
with gas.  Here is an iron foundry, coach works, bank, and savings’
banks.

SWAFFHAM PRISON, Edward A. Johnson, Governor.

The YOUNG MEN’S INSTITUTE, supported by the members, Market-place.

GRAMMAR SCHOOL, endowed by Nichols Hammond, Esq.  James Hacon, Head
Master: John Kelland, Second Master, Queen’s College, Cambridge.

The NATIONAL SCHOOL, situated upon Campling Land.  Schoolmaster, Charles
Wells; Schoolmistress, Mrs. Wells.

GAS WORKS, Lynn Road.  Superintendent, Manager and Secretary, Francis
Trundell.

SAVINGS’ BANK.  William Wells, Secretary: H. T. Day, Esq., Manager.

WESLEYAN METHODIST CHAPEL, Market-place.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Archer, Rev. Charles G., curate of Narborough cum Narford, London street
Balders, Mrs. Susan, Market-place
Brown, Mrs. Harriet, London street
Chapman, Mrs. Elizabeth, Station street
Cooper, Mrs. Matilda, Station street
Dalton, Rev. W., Castleacre street
Dugmore, John, Esq., London street
Everard, Salisbury, Rev., vicar to St. Peter’s, the vicarage
Girling, Mrs., Station street
Say, Hall, Esq., Norwich road
Hammond, Miss Sarah, Norwich road
Kemble, Mrs. Elizabeth, London street
Montague, Rev. George, rector of South Pickenham
Morse, James, Esq.
Newton, Mary, Lynn street
Peck, James, London street
Pillans, Mrs. Martha, Market-place
Sands, Mrs. Sarah, Lynn street
Stratton, Miss Elizabeth, London street
Trundle, Mrs. Martha, Castleacre street
Williams, James, Castleacre street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Alderton, Robert, lodging house for travellers, Lynn street
Allen, John, fishmonger, Market-place
Alpe, Robert, brewer, White Hart lane
Arnold, Henry, grocer and draper, Market place
Allet, Timothy, tailor, Market-place
Avis, John A., boot and shoe maker, London street
Barker, Willis, bricklayer, Lynn street
Barrett, John, bailiff of the county court, and house keeper of the
Institute, Market-place
Bayfield, Benjamin, butcher, Lynn street
Bayfield, Edward William, hairdresser, Market-place
Bayfield, George B., flour factor, London street
Blanchflower, James, Maid’s Head inn, Market-place
Brown, Charles, baker, London street
Brundall, Henry T., parish constable and gardener, adjuster of weights
and measures, bailiff of the fair, has a very fine collection of old
coins, pictures, china, &c., and clerk to the market, Lynn street
Bullen, George, Trowel and Hammer, the Pool
Bullen, James, farmer
Butters, John, White Hart, Market-place
Butters, Richard, boot and shoe maker, London street
Carman, Abraham, tailor, Lynn street
Carr, John E., watch and clock maker, Market-place
Carter, Charles, veterinary surgeon and shoeing-smith, Lynn street
Carter, Thomas, the Pool
Clarke, Benjamin, blacksmith, Albert terrace
Clarke, James, clothier, Castleacre street
Clarke, James, tailor, London street
Clarke, William and Thomas, boot and shoe makers, Church lane
Clements, Thomas, baker, Market-place
Clifton, Edward, Station street
Clifton, William Wilson, station master
Cock, Edward, Ship inn, Lynn street
Codling, Phœbe, shopkeeper, Lynn street
Coe, Robert, Norfolk Hero, Castleacre street
Colman, Thomas, farmer, Norwich road
Cook, John, coach builder, Lynn street
Cory, Sendall, clothier, Market-place
Cross, Joseph, cooper, London street
Dawson, John, tailor and draper, Market-place
Davidson, Miss Hannah, milliner and dress-maker, London street
Day, Henry Framingham, manager to the East of England Bank, Market-place
Dickenson, George, the Angel, Market-place
Doughty, William, Red Lion inn, Market-place
Dunn, James, boot and shoe maker, the Pool
Dutchman, Durrant, farmer, Westacre street
Ellis, Norton, boot and shoe maker, London street
Ellis, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Block street
Ellis, Thomas, the Chequers, Castleacre street
Ellis, Thomas C., carpenter and builder, Providence terrace
Elvin, Charles, heraldic artist, agent to the Unity Fire Office, London
street
Elvin, James, and Son, coach builders, London street
Emerson, Robert N., surgeon, Market-place
Filbey, John, boot and shoe maker, Campin’s land
Finch, J., and H. F., chemists and druggists, oil and colourmen, agents
for the sale of Lowe’s Patent Manure, Farmer’s Insurance Office,
Market-place
Forby, John, grocer and draper, Market-place
Fuller, John, farmer, Norwich road
Gainsbury, Daniel, Royal Oak, and timber dealer, Castleacre street
Gardiner, John, bookseller and stationer, stamp office, Market-place
Gardiner, William V., brazier, coffee and eating house, Lynn street
Goodrich, George, boot and shoe warehouse, Lynn street
Goodrum, Anne, dressmaker and tailoress, London street
Goose, Morris, painter and gilder, Lynn street
Goose, Morris, and Barber, Robert, painters and gilders, Mangate street
Greeves, Thomas, leather currier, London street
Hall, Charles, butcher, Castleacre street
Hall, William, baker, Lynn street
Hammond, Robert, grocer, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Harper, Henry, cabinet-maker and upholsterer, London street
Harrison, Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, Lynn street
Hart, Joseph, baker, Castleacre street
Harvey, Charlotte, fancy repository, Market-place
Hewett, Elizabeth, boarding and day school for young ladies, London
street
Hewett, Miss Sarah, bookseller and stationer, London street
Heyhoe, John, stone mason and builder, Station street
Heyhoe, John James, stone and marble mason and builder, Market-place
Heyhoe, Robert, plumber and glazier, London street
Hook, John, baker, Castleacre street
Howard, Henry, baker, Lynn street
Howard, Mary Ann, clothier, Market-place
Howarth, William, brewer and maltster, wine and spirit merchant, agent to
the Equitable Fire office, Market-place
Hubbard, Charlotte, Spread Eagle, London street
Hudson, George, Black Horse inn, London street
Ingram, Esther, hosier, Castleacre street
Jackson, Robert, wheelwright and smith, London street
Jarvis, William, basket maker, Market-place
Jeary, John, farmer, the Pool
Jeffrey, Charles, William, and Co., malsters, wine and spirit merchants,
seed, corn, coal, and wool merchants, London street
Jeffries, Henry, the Pool
Johnson, James, tailor and draper, Market-place
Johnson, Mary Ann, straw bonnet maker, Castleacre street
Johnson, William, the Greyhound, Market-place
Josh, Isaac, blacksmith, White Hart lane
Kemble, Benjamin, gardener, Norwich road
Kiddle, George, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Castleacre street
Lack, John, artist, Market-place
Lasscock, William, saddle and harness maker, Market-place
Lindsay, Thomas, grocer and draper, Market-place
Lack, William, saddle and harness maker, Agent for the Royal Exchange
Fire and Life Assurance society, Market-place
Loveless, Samuel, plumber, glazier, and painter, London street
Lusher, Robert, the Sun, Lynn street
Mace, Charles, dealer in tea, Station street
Maddison, George, grocer and tallow chandler, Castleacre street
Marcon, Andrew, solicitor, Market-place
Marsh, Edward, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Martin, David William, ironmonger, china dealer, and leather cutter,
Market-place
Mason, George B., colonel in the army, White Hart lane
Matthews, John, harness maker, Lynn street
Matthews, Robert, tailor, Block street
Mendham, Harriet and Elizabeth, straw bonnet makers and milliners,
Market-place
Mendham, James, plumber and glazier, Market-place
Moore, Henry, grocer and draper, Market-place
Morse, Arthur, brewer, Market-place
Muffett, John, general shopkeeper, Market-place
Muffett, Samuel, cabinet maker and carpenter, Market-place
Naunton, Walter, confectioner, Market-place
Nokes, William, commercial traveller, London street
Nooks, Robert, tax gatherer, the Pool
Oaks, Richard, builder, Market-place
Overton, Elizabeth, dressmaker, London street
Page, William, Crown Hotel commercial, family, and posting house, and
farmer, Market-place
Parson, William, gun maker and superintendent of the post-office,
Market-place
Perry, Mary, fancy repository, Mangate street
Petch, Pooley, boot maker, London str.
Philo, James, clerk to St. Peter’s, Block street
Philo, James, china and glass dealer, and boot and shoe maker, London
street
Pilbeam, Thomas, grocer and draper, Market-place
Pitcher, William, Horse and Groom, Lynn street
Plowright, Henry, general and furnishing ironmonger, founder, &c.,
Market-place
Plowright, S. S., boarding and day school for young ladies, London street
Ponder, Nathaniel, shopkeeper, Lynn street
Pope, William, drapery and shoe warehouse, Market-place
Porter, James, boot maker, Albert terrace
Powley, Benjamin, tailor and draper, Market-place
Powley, Robert, tailor, London street
Powley, Susan, milliner and mantle maker, Market-place
Pratt, John, land surveyor and register office for servants, Market-place
Pratt, Matthew, watch and clock maker, Market-place
Pullock, Peter, registrar of births and deaths for the Saham Toney
District, and relieving officer, London street
Randall, Thomas, butcher, Market-place
Reeve, Edmund, surgeon, London street
Rolfe, William, music master, organist to the church, Mangate street
Rose, Caleb Burrell, surgeon, Market-place
Rose, John, Railway Tavern, Castle street
Rust, James, chemist and druggist, Market-place
Sands, William, builder, Lynn street
Seaman, David, horsebreaker, Lynn str.
Sear, Charles, White Lion, Castleacre street
Selfe, Samuel, beer retailer, London str.
Sewell, Robert, solicitor, Block street
Smith, George, general dealer, London street
Smith, George, baker, London street
Smith, John, butcher, Market-place
Smith, Robert, engineer and iron and brass founder, White Hart lane
Smith, Robert, dealer in marine stores, Lynn street
Smith, William and Frederic, painters, plumbers, and glaziers,
Market-place
Southwell, William C., manager of Gurney and Co.’s Bank, and agent for
the Sun Fire and Life Office and General Hail Storm Assurance society,
Bank, Market-place
Spinks, John, shopkeeper, London street
Steel, William, the Swan, Castleacre str.
Sutton, James, baker and confectioner, Market-place
Takes, Israel, temperance coffee and eating house, Lynn street
Tennant, James, boot and shoe maker, Block street
Thomas, Frederic John, surgeon, Castleacre street
Trundle, James and Son, auctioneers and saddlers, Market-place
Utting, Anne, milliner and straw bonnet maker, and has the full
management of the Assembly Rooms and Shirehall, h Market-place
Vince, Allen, shopkeeper and brick maker, London street
Vince, Henry, market gardener, London street
Vout, Henry, lodging house for travellers, Lynn street
Wake, John, cattle dealer, London street
Wales, Richard, George commercial hotel, Castleacre street
Wales, Thomas, butcher, Market-place
Walker, George, boot and shoe warehouse, Market-place
Ward, William, the Fleece, Lynn street
Watts, John, hairdresser, Market-place
Wells, William C., printer, bookseller, and binder (book club),
Market-place
Wenham, James, watch and clock maker, jeweller, and silversmith,
Market-place
Wharton, William, hairdresser and fancy repository, Market-place
Whitby, George, King’s Arms, Lynn str.
Whithers, George, farmer, White Hart lane
Wilkerson, Goss, fishmonger, Market-pl. place
Winearls, William, solicitor, London str.
Woods, Rev. William, Baptist minister, Station street
Wright, John, baker, London street
Wyatt, Joseph, commercial traveller, Market-place
Wyers, Edward, boot maker, Campling lane
Young, Job, umbrella maker, Lynn str.




REEPHAM.


Reepham is a small market town, on the banks of the Eyn brook, a branch
of the Wensum; 6 miles N.E. of Elmham station.  136 miles from London,
and 12 N.W. from Norwich, and extends into four parishes, which contain
together, 1,800 inhabitants; the acreage of the four parishes is 2,427.
The chief trade of this town is in malt for ale, the parish being well
adapted for the growth of barley.  There is also a large brewery, and two
extensive tanneries.  The market, which is held on Wednesday, being for
corn and cattle; and a fair is held on June 29th, for stock, horses, &c.

A police station has been erected on the Dereham road, about a quarter of
a mile from the market-place, opened March, 1856.  There are also two
fire engines kept in this parish.  Engine house situated in the Back
lane.

The living is a rectory, value £600 per annum, with Kerdistone.  There
are two Cemeteries: one for the parish of Reepham with Kerdistone, and
the other for the parish of Hackford with Whitwell; consecrated, July
9th, 1856, by Dr. Henry Spencer, late of Madras.

Reepham and Kerdistone, ST. MARY’S CHURCH.  Rev. Frederic Field, M.A.,
Rector: Rev. Richard Gilbert, B.A., Curate.

Hackford and Whitwell.  Rev. Edward Holley, M.A., Rector; Rev. Frederic
Thompson, Curate.

Wesleyan Chapel, Wesleyan Reform Chapel, Primitive Methodist Chapel;
various Ministers.

POST OFFICE.  Miss Amelia Sands, postmistress.  Letters arrive from
Norwich at 9 a.m., and are dispatched at 25 min. to 5 p.m.  The box
closes at 4 p.m., but letters can be posted till 4½ p.m., by affixing an
extra stamp.

Insurance Agents.  Equitable Fire office, Robert Keeler.  Norwich Union
Fire and Life, and Norwich Hail Storm Company, George St. John, and F. S.
Bircham, solicitor.

Parish Clerk, Henry Bishop.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Bircham, William, Esq., the Ollands
Bircham, William, jun., Esq., Hackford
Collyer, the Very Rev. John Bedingfield, archdeacon of Norwich, Hackford
hall
Field, Rev. Frederic, M.A., rectory
George, Mr. Robert, Hackford
Gilbert, Rev. Richard, B.A., curate
Holly, Rev. Edward, M.A., Hackford
Leamon, Robert, Esq., Whitwell
Leeds, Stephen, Esq., Whitwell
Thompson, Rev. Frederic, curate, Hackford



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Alderton, Thomas, farmer
Amiss, John, wheelwright, Hackford
Amiss, Richard, grocer and draper, Hackford
Andrews, George O., excise officer, Reepham
Baldwin, Nathaniel, shoemaker
Barker, Robert, grocer, &c., Hackford
Barrett, Martin, blacksmith, Hackford
Barrett, Robert, miller, Whitwell
Barrett, Mrs. Sarah, farmer, Whitwell
Besford, John, farmer, Kerdistone
Bircham, F. S., Esq., solicitor, clerk to the magistrates of this
hundred, and to the commissioners of Income tax, and agent to the Norwich
Union Fire and Life offices, Hackford
Bircham and Parmeter, brewers, maltsters, and spirit merchants, Hackford
Bishop, Henry, plumber and glazier, the Duke of York, parish clerk,
apparitor for the diocese, and carrier, Hackford
Briggs, James, cabinet maker, Hackford
Brown, William, smith, Kerdistone
Buck, James, boys’ school, Hackford
Bush, John, King’s Arms, Hackford
Burcham, Thomas, tailor, Hackford
Burton, John, shoemaker, Hackford
Burton, Joseph W., butcher, Hackford
Burton, Thomas, butcher, Hackford
Cooper, Orlando H., academy, Hackford
Davidson, James, baker, Hackford
Doughty, William, plumber and glazier
Dungar, Thomas, farmer, Whitwell
Dyball, Robert, horse breaker, Hackford
Dye, Henry, farmer, Kerdistone
Eglington, Emerson, tailor, Hackford
Eglington, Mark, farmer, Whitwell
Ellis, Edward, saddler, Hackford
English, John, shoemaker, Hackford
Filby, John, farmer, Kerdistone
Fish, James, shoemaker, Hackford
Frankland, Robert, ironmonger, Hackford
Frankland, Robert, shoemaker, Hackford
George, Henry, farmer, Kerdistone
George, William, ironmonger, Hackford
Hart, Thomas G., grocer and draper, Hackford
Hawes, James, tailor, Hackford
Hill, Charles W., tailor and draper, Hackford
Howard, George, carpenter, Hackford
Howe, Samuel, Lord Nelson, Hackford
Hurrell, Dennis, V.R. and George and Dragon, Hackford
Hurrell, T., grocer and draper, Hackford
Isaacks, Nathaniel, grocer and draper, Hackford
Jewell, George, veterinary surgeon, Hackford
Keeler, R., grocer and draper, Hackford
Lacey, John, druggist and stationer, Hackford
Leamon, Robert, tanner and timber merchant, Whitwell hall
Leeds, Stephen, farmer, Kerdistone
Leeds, William, Sun inn, and carrier, Hackford
Mason, Edward, cooper, Hackford
Neale, William, baker, Hackford
Parke, William B., farmer
Partridge, Thomas J., farmer
Perry, Charles H., surgeon, Hackford
Prior, Henry, saddler, Hackford
Pumfrey, James, farmer, Kerdistone
Rodham, William M., farmer, Hackford
Rudd, William, hairdresser, Hackford
Scurll, Brettingham, baker, Hackford
Secker, John, basket maker, Hackford
Seeley, Barnabas L., farmer, Kerdistone
Sewell, John, farmer, Hackford
Sewell, William, carpenter, Hackford
Smith, Mrs. Susan, farmer, Kerdistone
Springall, Thomas, bricklayer
Staples, Thomas, chemist and druggist, Hackford
St. John, George, grocer and draper, Hackford
Tann, Thomas, farmer, Kerdistone
Tindale, William, grocer and draper
Timber, Elizabeth, grocer and draper, Hackford
Travis, Thomas, Greyhound, Hackford
Tuddenham, Richard, cooper, Hackford
Vardigans, Mary Ann, bonnet maker, Hackford
Vial, Samuel, Victoria Fall Gate, Whitwell
Watson, James, Cock inn, Whitwell
Watson, Job H., shoemaker, Hackford
Watson, Job H., grocer and draper
Whurr, Thomas, tea dealer, Whitwell
Woolmer, Jas. S., watchmaker, Hackford
Wright, David, plumber and glazier




FOULSHAM.


Foulsham is a small scattered town in Eynesford hundred and Aylsham
Union, situate about 4 miles from Elmham railway station, 8 S.E. of
Fakenham, and 18 N.W. of Norwich.

The living is a rectory, in the gift of Lord Hastings; the Rev. Henry
Milles Astley, B.A., is the present rector.  The church of Holy Innocents
is a large and handsome structure, with a fine square tower.  The
Baptists have a place of worship.  There is also a National School for
boys and girls.  The magistrates meet at the Ship Inn every alternate
Monday.  There is a fair for cattle and pleasure on the first Tuesday in
May.  The population is 1,076.  The parish contains about 3,190 statute
acres.  Lord Hastings is lord of the manor, and chief land proprietor.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Astley, Rev. Henry, B.A., rector
Bennett, Mr. William
Gilbert, Rev. Richard, B.A. curate
Leeds, Misses M. and E.
May, Miss M. A.
Peterson, Mr. William



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Archer, James, grocer, &c.
Archer, Richard, butcher
Archer, William, plumber and glazier
Austin, Robert, butcher
Austin, Thomas, farmer
Austin, Watts, butcher
Austin, John, farmer
Barber, James, carrier
Bartlett, Henry, druggist and stationer
Bell, Benjamin, farmer
Bircham, Amelia, dress maker
Blogg, Richard, bricklayer
Body, Henry, farmer
Butler, W. G., currier and leather cutter
Carr, Sarah, boarding and day school
Carrison, Charlotte, grocer, &c.
Chamberlain, Edward, farmer
Clarke, Louisa, straw bonnet maker
Clarke, Robert, carpenter
Dack, —, carrier to Norwich
Dawson, Michael, blacksmith
Dench, Robert, solicitor, coroner for the Duchy of Lancaster, clerk to
the magistrates, and commissioners of taxes
Drozier, Robert, parish clerk
Eke, James, blacksmith
Emms, Henry, veterinary surgeon
Fallow, Thomas, Ship inn
Frost, Robert, tailor
Girling, Christopher, surgeon
Girling, John, carpenter
Gilham, William, baker
Godfrey, Thomas, farmer
Gooch, Robert P., veterinary surgeon
Graver, Luke, baker
Heasel, Elizabeth, baker
Howlett, Stephen, King’s Arms
Hubbard, Stephen, painter, plumber, &c
Hunt G. P., National School
Knights, Fenn, academy
Knights, Frederic, glover
Leamon, Charles, saddler
Leamon, Edmund, ironmonger
Leamon, Edward, farmer
Leamon, Richard, baker
Long, Robert, grocer, &c.
Mace, Charles, grocer, &c.
Manning, Susan, dress maker
Neale, Charles, farmer
Neale, George, Bull inn
Oldman, James, boot and shoe maker
Powell, John, tailor
Pratt, Richard, grocer, &c.
Prior, John, boot and shoe maker
Purdy, Robert, farmer
Quarles, William, solicitor
Russell, Edward, watch maker
Saunders, James, miller
Saunders, James, jun., solicitor, agent to the Royal Farmers’ and Hail
Storm, and the Farmers’ and Graziers’ Cattle Insurance Office
Saunders, James and Charles, surgeons
Sawyer, Thomas, wheelwright
Sawyer, Thomas, carpenter
Sawyer, Thomas, blacksmith
Seaman, William, farmer
Smith, James, boot and shoe maker
Smith, Matilda, dress maker
Smith, William, grocer, &c.
Spencer, Edward, plumber and glazier
Spragg, Thomas, boot and shoe maker
Towler, George, wheelwright
Towler, John, grocer, &c.
Tuddenham, John, tailor
Turner, James G., grocer, &c.
Wade, Matthew, ironmonger
West, C. S., carpenter and cabinet maker
Williamson, John, glover




WATTON.


Watton, a small market-town in Wayland hundred, is 10 miles N.W. from
Attleborough station, 12 N. of Thetford, and 10 from East Dereham.  The
church of St. Mary stands a short distance from the town, and is a very
neat, though ancient structure, being built in the reign of Henry II.  It
has a tower, small spire, and 3 bells.  The living is a discharged
vicarage, in the gift of the Rev. W. H. Hicks, B.A., and the curate is
the Rev. G. Nelson.

The parish contains 1807 acres, and the population, in 1851, was 1353.  A
market is held on the Wednesday.  Fairs are held on July 10th, October
11th, and November 8th for cattle, &c.



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Adcock, J. W., watchmaker
Alexander, E., grocer and draper
Amas, Charles, grocer and draper
Amas, Mary Ann, milliner
Baldry, Edward, bricklayer
Bales, John, police officer
Baley, Robert, auctioneer
Balls, James, boot and shoe maker
Barber, Ann, berlin wool depot
Barber, Mr. John, Rose cottage
Barber, John, upholsterer and cabinet maker
Barnard, Robert, butcher
Beets, James, farmer
Bicker, George, hairdresser, &c.
Boreham, John, boot and shoe maker
Bowles, Barnard, saddler
Brown, James, tailor
Brunton, Thomas, Green Man
Brunton, William, tailor
Buxton, Henry, brazier
Chaston, Mr. Alfred
Cornwall, William, joiner
Cornwall, Robert, saddler
De Grey, Hon. Brownlow, N.O.
Dorr, Mrs. Mary
Dorr, Charles, farmer
Drake, Thomas, painter, plumber, &c.
Drew, George, boot and shoe maker
Emerson, Stephen, George commercial and family hotel, posting house, and
architect and surveyor
Elsegood, James, baker, &c
Feakes, Charles, farmer
Garner, James, fishmonger
Gathergood, James, farmer
George, George, bookseller and leather dealer
George and Kiddle, grocers and drapers
Gooderstone, Mary A., milliner
Gowing, James Warden, bookseller, printer, and stationer
Greengrass, Robert, beerhouse
Grigson, E. R., solicitor
Grickman, Charles, solicitor
Hargraves, George, surgeon
Hargraves, John, surgeon
Harper, Samuel, sack and seed merchant
Hart, Mr. Joseph
Hart, Joseph, joiner
Harvey, James, carrier
Hastley, Rev., academy
Hastings, Edward, maltster
Hastings, John E., wine & spirit merchant
Hendry, Henry, grocer and draper
Hendry, Thomas, plumber, &c.
Hicks, Rev. W. H., vicar
Jacobs, Thomas, machine maker
Jacobs, George, Crown Commercial hotel, posting house, and Inland Revenue
office
James, William, tailor
Layt, Robert, carrier
Lacey, Rebecca, butcher
Leggatt, Robert, butcher
Massey, William, solicitor
Mallows, James, butcher
Minns, George, tailor
Munnings, George, tailor
Nelson, Rev. G., curate
Payne, Edward, carrier
Playle, Henry, beerhouse
Parker, Joseph, butcher
Read, Robert, gardener and seedsman
Reeve, Barnabas, basket maker, and beer-house
Rice, Mr. William
Rice, George, butcher
Rice, Mrs. Harriet, milliner, &c.
Ringer, Robert, gunmaker
Rook, W., grocer and draper
Sampson, Mrs. Dorothy
Salmon, Richard, farmer
Secker, Samuel, basket maker
Siggins, Henry, plumber, &c
Smith, Thomas, veterinary surgeon
Smith, Charles, master of National school
Smith, Mary, school-mistress
Smith, Thomas, gardener
Snare, George, academy
Spanton, Thomas, Bull inn
Sprigg, Squire, surgeon
Standley, James, tailor
Stanham, George, baker
Stebbings, John, bricklayer
Stebbings, Mrs.
Stebbings, George, joiner
Stevens, Robert, brewer and maltster, wine and spirit merchant
Sturgeon, William, blacksmith
Thurling, John, horse breaker
Thompson, John, joiner, &c.
Twaits, Barnabas, shoemaker
Wace, Richard, farmer
Ward, John, police officer
Watson, Burton, hairdresser
Waters, Charlotte, Rose
Warnes, Reuben, grocer and draper
Wenham, George, watchmaker
Warne, James, veterinary surgeon
Ward, Robert, farmer
Warman, William, farmer
Wightwick, Miss, academy, Willow house
Wright, Misses, academy
Wright, Robert, corn merchant and baker
Woodcock, John, beerhouse
Wortley, Jonathan, King’s Arms
Young, James, boot and shoe maker
Young, Robert, boot and shoe maker

                                * * * * *

Harveys and Hudsons’ Bank, Mr. Benjamin Chaston, agent.  Draw on Hankey
and Co.
Savings’ Bank, Mr. B. Chaston, Secretary.
Atlas Fire and Life Office, Mr. W. P. Pillans.
Clerical and Medical Life Office, Mr. John Hargraves.
English and Cambrian Life Assurance and Loan Society, Mr. B. Chaston.
Farmers’ and General Hail Storm, Mr. B. Chaston.
Norwich Union, Mr. William Massey.
Suffolk Alliance, Mr. Alfred Griffin.
Unity, Mr. W. Rook.




YARMOUTH.


Yarmouth or Great Yarmouth, is, next to Norwich, the most important town
in the Eastern Counties, celebrated for its fisheries, its shipping,
trade, and manufactures, and is also much frequented in the season as a
bathing-place.  It is distant 19 miles E. by S. from Norwich, 9 miles N.
from Lowestoft, and 123 miles N.E. from London.  The population of the
town and borough, including Gorleston and Southtown was, in 1851, 30,879.
The town derives its name from the Yare, on the east bank of which river
it is situated.  There are very few principal streets, but in the more
modern parts are some commanding edifices.  The north and south quays,
extending for nearly a mile and a quarter, and very broad, are among the
peculiar and interesting features of Yarmouth.  The principal streets run
parallel with the quays, and are crossed by 145 narrow lanes, called
rows, which are numbered; it is for the traversing of these rows that the
many small narrow carts are used which abound in Yarmouth.

There is a new and elegant bridge over the Yare.  A handsome and
substantial suspension bridge crosses the Bure, over the same spot whence
79 persons were suddenly plunged by the fall of the previous bridge in
May, 1845; whilst a handsome iron tubular bridge, in two compartments,
connects the railway with the tramways, which extend the entire length of
the quays.  The New Pier is a great accommodation to the visitors and
inhabitants.

There are numerous and very extensive malting-houses in Yarmouth and its
neighbourhood, belonging to the metropolitan brewers and others, which
afford employment for a large number of hands.  The town is a great
centre of the fishing trade.  The mackarel fishery employs upwards of
3,000 tons, with about 90 boats and 870 men, and produces about 16,000 a
year.  The herring fishery, for which Yarmouth is so highly and justly
celebrated, employs about 6,000 tons, with 160 boats and 1,300 men,
besides those on shore; the produce is about 100,000 barrels yearly,
about 20,000 of which are sent to the southern countries.  There are also
fisheries of cod, sprats, turbot, soles, skate, whitings, eels, and
shrimps.  A large portion of this produce is sent to London, Manchester,
Birmingham, and other distant towns.  The number of vessels belonging to
the port is about 500, besides 250 fishing-boats and other smaller craft.
Ship and boat building employs many hands, and vessels of 460 tons are
built here.  The silk mills, belonging to Grout and Co., erected in 1818,
give employment to nearly 700 operatives of both sexes.

The church of St. Nicholas is a fine cross-shaped building, of unusually
large dimensions.  It had formerly sixteen chapels.  The spire is 168
feet high, erected in 1683.  There is a fine peal of ten bells and a
clock.  The organ is of some celebrity, and has been most materially
improved by Gray and Davidson; it was built in 1733 by Muller.  Here are
monuments of the Englands, and some few other families of distinction,
while plain marble slabs point out the resting-places of John Carter, a
great friend of Cromwell, and of Mrs. Bridget Bendish, daughter of
General Ireton, grand-daughter of the Lord Protector.  The living is a
perpetual curacy, in the gift of the Dean and Chapter of Norwich.  The
font, which is of Purbeck marble, is octagonal and very ancient.  The
vestry contains a small collection of old books.

St. George’s chapel was built in 1714, and is a fine building, partly of
stone, with square tower.  St. Peter’s church was built in 1833, at a
cost of £12,000; it is in the Gothic style, of white brick, with a tower
118 feet high; there is in it a copy of Ruben’s Descent from the Cross.
There is also an ancient church at Gorleston, with curious font and
brasses.  St. Mary’s Southtown was built in 1831.  The Roman Catholic
chapel is a new Gothic building, of neat appearance.  There is a Jews’
synagogue, which has been rebuilt.  Here are meeting-houses for
Independents, General and Particular Baptists, Wesleyans, Countess of
Huntingdon, Society of Friends, Primitive Methodists, and Unitarians.
The Roman Catholics have a small cemetery, situate on the road leading to
Caistor, north of the town.

The Town Hall, built in 1716, is of the Tuscan order, with a fine suite
of rooms; it contains also the court rooms.  There is also a Town House,
belonging to the corporation.  The Borough Gaol was built in 1260, and
much of the original building remains.  The market-place is very
extensive, covering an area of three acres; the fish market adjoins it.
The Corn Exchange is in Regent-street, and the Commercial Club House on
the Quay.  The Custom House, on the Quay, is a large and handsome
building.  The Bath House was built in 1759, and has a large public room
and all requisite bathing accommodations.  There are several small docks
or basins belonging to the shipbuilders, and one of which will take a 500
ton ship.  The town is well paved and lighted with gas, and watched by a
borough police.  The large naval and military hospital, situate at the
southern extremity of the town, is now used as a Government asylum for
insane officers of the navy and army.  One of the chief ornaments of the
town is the conspicuous column, erected on the South Denes by county
subscription in 1817, to commemorate the immortal Nelson; it is a fine
pillar, of the Doric order, with fluted shaft: its extreme height is 144
feet; the summit is reached by 270 steps; the views from it of the sea
and surrounding country are varied and extensive.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Agar, Moses, 78, Southtown road
Aldis, Mr. John, North end
Alexander, Mrs. Caroline, Regent road
Ames, Edward, Esq., East street
Ansell, the Misses, 1, North Beach terrace
Arbon, Noah, back of Wall
Ashill, Mrs. Ann, King street
Bailey, Mr. Robert, 1, Wiltshire Cottage, Victoria road
Bampton, Rev. John, South Beach terrace
Barber, Mrs. Hannah M., South Quay
Barber, Mr. Robert David, Regent road
Barclay, Mrs. M. A., 86, Southtown road
Barnard, Mrs. M. A., 5, Providence place
Bateley, Mrs. Harriott, Regent road
Bartram, Cubitt Engall, 12, St. George’s terrace
Bartram, Mr. William, 58, Southtown road
Baynes, Mrs., North Quay
Beasley, Mrs. G., 85, Southtown road
Beckett, Miss Mary Ann, back of Wall
Bee, Mr. James, 13, Bath place
Blake, John, Esq., 3, Ely place
Blake, Mr. Thomas, 7, Seymour place
Boardman, the Misses, South Quay
Borrett, Mr. George, 7, Bath place
Borrett, Dr. James, King street
Branch, John, Esq., Regent street
Brock, Mrs., 70, Southtown road
Brock, Miss, Southtown road
Brown, Mr. George Penrice, South Quay
Brown, Mrs. Priscilla, 6, St. George’s terrace
Brown, Mr. Robert, 1, Bath Hill terrace
Brown, Mr. Robert Fitzwilliam
Buck, Mrs., 1, Devonshire place
Bunn, Mrs. Sarah, 17, Southtown road
Bunn, Samuel G., Esq., 69, Southtown road
Bunn, Thomas, Esq., 47, Southtown road
Burton, Samuel, Esq., 67, Southtown road
Burton, Mrs. Mary, Hall Quay
Butcher, Mrs. Maria, King street
Butcher, Mrs. M., 10, St. George’s terrace
Button, Mr. James, 2, Bath place
Carter, Mr. Daniel, King street
Chandler, Mrs., 6, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Chevalier, Mrs. Sophia, 14, Southtown
Christmas, Mr. Cornelius H., South Market road
Clarke, Mrs., 2, Royal place
Clifton, Mr. Robert, 2, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Cobb, Mrs. Frances, King street
Cobles, Mrs. Rebecca, 6, Henry place
Colls, Mrs. Elizabeth, 84, Southtown road
Costerton, Mr. Frederic, Southtown road
Coston, Mrs. M. A., 7, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Creak, Mrs. Maria, Gaol street
Crickmay, Mrs. M. A., 37, Southtown road
Crowe, Mr. James, Fuller’s hill
Crowe, Miss M. A., 1, Flushing terrace
Crowther, Miss Mary, Church square
Cudeon, Mrs. Sarah, Regent street
Day, Mrs. Charlotte, King street
Decarle, Mrs., Trafalgar House
Dick, Mrs., South Quay
Diggins, Miss Elizabeth, 31, Southtown
Dilliston, Mr. Henry, row 142
Drake, Mrs. Amelia, 83, Southtown road
Dobson, Rev. St. N., 4, Claremont terrace
Doughty, Capt. James, Regent road
Douglass, Mr. James, Theatre plain
Douglass, Mr., 6, St. James’ terrace
Duffield, Mr. James, Southtown road
Dunne, Dr. John, Regent road
Dye, Mrs. Mary, King street
Emes, Mrs. Elizabeth, Fuller’s hill
Fabb, Miss, 62, Southtown road
Fear, Mrs. Mary, North Quay
Feek, Mrs., Recent road
Fell, — Esq., Regent road
Fenn, John, Esq., magistrate, North Quay
Fiddes, Joseph, Esq., Church square
Field, Mr. Michael, 12, Southtown
Fish, Mr. Simon, 79, Southtown road
Foreman, Mr. Thomas, Gaol street
Frane, Frederic, Esq., Regent road
Frere, Rev. Edward Borke, King street
Gibbs, Henry, H., Esq., Brunswick place
Godbolt, Mr. Joseph, Southtown road
Goodwin, Mr. John, North end
Gourlay, Joyce, Esq., Regent road
Green, Rev. Joseph, Baptist minister, Nelson’s terrace
Greenward, Mr. G., 7, Southtown road
Hales, Mrs. Lydia, Jetty road
Hall, John, 12, Henry’s place
Hammond, Mrs., 2, St. George’s terrace
Hammond, Richard, Esq., North Quay
Hankes, William, Esq., South Quay
Hardingham, Mr. W., 14, Seymour place
Harrison, Mr. James Hargroom, Gaol st.
Haw, Miss Jane, Regent street
Hayman, Rev. H., Gaol street
Hills, Rev. George, Parsonage House, Church square
Holt, Mrs. John, Southtown road
Hurst, Rev. Samuel, 80, Southtown road
Hutson, Mrs. Sarah, Southtown road
Jex, Mrs. Ann, 9, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Johnson, William, Esq., Southtown road
Keable, Mrs. Hannah, 3, Blake’s buildings
Keymer, Miss Anne, 63, Southtown road
Kiddall, Mr. Robert, King street
Lacon, Sir Edmund Knowles, Bart., Youell & Co., Bankers, Hall Quay
Lacon, Sir Edmund, Hopton, near Yarmouth
Lamb, Mrs. Mary, 87, Southtown road
Larklam, Mrs. Mary, Gaol street
Last, James, Esq., 35, Southtown road
Lawes, Capt. John Porter, (Hon. E. I. C.’s Madras Artillery), 5, St.
George’s terrace
Layton, Mrs. Mary Hannah, North end
Layton, Mrs. Mortlock, North Quay
Lee, Mr. Henry, St. George’s road
Linder, Mrs. Mary Ann, King street
Long, Miss Susan, North Quay
Manthorp, Mr. George, 1, Sefton terrace
Marsh, Mrs. Ann, South Quay
Martin, Hezekiah, Esq., 32, Southtown
Mayhew, Mrs. Mary Ann, St. George’s road
Meen, Henry, 2, Apsley terrace
Middleton, Mrs. Susan, 7, Norfolk terrace
Miller, Richard, Esq., 19, Southtown road
Mitchell, Mrs. Amelia, South Quay
Moore, Mr. Charles, 48, Southtown road
Mountjoy, Mr. William, Jetty road
Mouse, the Misses Hannah M., 68, Southtown road
Naunton, George, Esq., 64, Southtown road
Neeve, Miss E., North end
Newman, Mrs. Mary, Regent street
Nisbett, Major Richard Blundell, North Quay
Orfeur, Mrs. E. Regent terrace
Orfeur, John, 12, Claremont terrace
Page, Miss Matilda, 84, Southtown
Page, Mrs., 11, Southtown
Paget, Samuel, Esq., 9, St. George’s terrace
Palmer, Charles John, Esq., Regent street
Palmer, Henry, Esq., Regent street
Palmer, Mrs. John B., 45, Southtown road
Partridge, Rev. John, Southtown road
Penrice, Mrs. Anne, King street
Pestell, Henry, 2, Henry’s place
Pigott, Jacob, 1, Henry’s place
Pillar, Joseph, row 142
Pope, Mrs. Sarah, 9, Albion terrace
Preston, E. H. L., Esq., North Quay
Preston, Mrs. Hannah, 11, St. George’s terrace
Preston, the Misses, Quay
Ray, Mrs. Catherine, 8, St. George’s terrace
Read, Mrs., 4, Trafalgar road
Richardson, William Josiah, 6, Trafalgar road
Richmond Edward, Southtown road
Rising, Mrs. Charlotte, King street
Rising, Mrs. Elizabeth, 1, Apsley terrace
Rising, George, Esq., 22, Southtown road
Rivett, Richard, Regent terrace
Roberts, Harold, Esq., South street
Roberts, William, Esq., 29, Southtown
Rounding, Thomas J. W., 33, Regent road
Russell, Rev. James, Gaol street
Sacret, Thomas, 60, Southtown road
Sault, Rev. Francis, 6, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Sayer, Mrs. Mary, 4, Norfolk terrace
Sculley, Edward, Buckenham House
Shephard, Mrs., 6, Ely place
Silcock, Mrs., 3, St. James’ terrace
Slipper, John, 92, Southtown road
Smith, Mrs. M. A., 41, Southtown road
Smith, Mr. Ormond, 11, Henry place
Spillings, William, Esq., Southtown
Spillings, William, 14, Henry place
Squire, Mr. William, North end
Steele, Edward, Esq., Regent road
Stephenson, Mrs. Eliza, Jetty road
Steny, Mrs., 5, St. James’ terrace
Steward, Mrs. Ann, South quay
Steward, Robert, Esq., magistrate, Southtown road
Stonex, Henry, 32, Regent road
Tann, Rev. James, Baptist minister, Regent road
Taylor, Mrs. Susannah, Gaol street
Terhance, Lieut. John, 5, Trafalgar road
Thaxter, Mrs. Elizabeth, 51, Southtown road
Thede, Mrs. Fanny, Regent road
Thetford, Miss Mary, 5, Norfolk terrace
Thirtle, Mrs. Harriet, 8, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Thirtle, William, Esq., South quay
Thornton, Mrs. Susannah, North end
Tillson, George, Esq., 52, Southtown road
Titshall, Miss Maria, 39, Southtown road
Tolver, Samuel, Esq., Hall quay
Turner, Miss M. A., Regent road
Tydeman, the Misses, Queen street
Tyler, Frederic, Esq., 23, Southtown road
Upjohn, Rev. Francis, M. A., vicar of Gorleston
Waller, Mr. William, Southtown cottage
Walpole, Mr. Jonas, Regent street
Walpole, William, Esq., Southtown
Warner, Mrs. Elizabeth, Apsley terrace
Waters, Rev. Mark, vicar of St. George’s, 15, Southtown road
West, Mrs., Chapel Paved row
Wigg, Mr. Samuel, White Horse plain
Willemite, Mrs. R., 2, Norfolk terrace
Woolverton, Mrs. M., Catherine, King st.
Worship, Francis, Esq., Regent street
Yetts, William, Esq., King street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abbott, Edward, Fishing Boat tavern, Row 143
Ablett, Edward, Fishing Boat tavern, Gaol street
Absolon, William, Steam Packet tavern, North quay
Adams, Robert, Rainbow, Rainbow corner, North quay
Albrow, William, upholsterer and cabinet maker, George street
Alden, Daniel, Regent tavern, Monument road
Alden, Amy, lodging house, 2, Litchfield place
Aldis, Thomas, banker’s clerk, King str.
Aldred, Edward, jeweller, h North quay
Aldred and More, mast and plank makers, North quay
Aldred, Charles Cory, surgeon, Market-place
Aldred and Son, jewellers, &c., George street
Aldred, Thomas, tailor, &c., Gaol street
Aldridge, Samuel, Queen Victoria tavern, North end
Alexander, Alfred, marine store dealer, Laughing Image corner, North quay
Allan, John, commission agent, Quay
Allcock, Mrs., milliner, &c., Market row
Allrow, Richard, tailor, Gaol street
Ames, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Broad row
Amis, James, Black Boy, Queen street
Ames, Henry, baker, George street
Amos, Samuel, Earl St. Vincent, King street
Andrews, Susanna, hair dresser and toy warehouse, King street
Arbon, Charles George, bricklayer, Back of Wall
Arbon, James N., plumber, glazier, and painter, King street
Archer, Robert, grocer, Southtown road
Archer, Robert, carpenter, Southtown road
Archer, Thomas, confectioner, Jetty road
Artis, James, cutler, Howard street
Artiss, Miss, milliner, &c., Row 120
Artiss, William, cutler, Row 129
Ashly, Benjamin, shopkeeper, George street
Ashley, Benjamin, captain Royal Navy, 36, Southtown road
Atkins, William, whitesmith, North quay
Ayers, James, fish merchant, Regent road
Ayers, Thomas, watch and clock maker, silversmith and jeweller, Regent
road
Ayers, William, gardener, Mansfield terrace, Monument road
Bacon, Robert, hatter, Charlotte street
Bacon, William, Golden Ball, George street
Bailey, James, captain, St. George’s road
Baker, James, Wheel of Fortune, George street
Baker, Robert, linen draper, mercer and hosier, Market-place
Baldwin, Charles, shoe maker and mender, North end
Bales, Christopher, butcher, Fuller hill
Bales, James, grocer and tea dealer, Market place
Bales, John Barney, coroner’s officer and crier at the quarter sessions,
Railway hotel, North quay
Bales, William Ellis, confectioner, Market-place
Balls, Amy, fancy repository, King street
Balls, James, boot and shoe maker, York road
Balls, John, fish merchant, North quay
Balls, John, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Balls, Samuel, White Horse inn, White Horse plain
Balls, William, shopkeeper, George street
Banks, Isaac, seaman, Brunswick place
Barber and Co., shipping and general agents, South quay
Barber, Robert, rope manufacturer, York road
Barber, Robert David, savings’ bank and agent to the Economic Life
Assurance Office, Howard street
Barber and Son, ship agents, White Lion opening, King street
Barber, Thomas Robert, haberdasher and small ware dealer, Church square
Barber, William, tailor and draper, Hall quay
Barcham, Emma, boarding academy, King street
Barham, Charles, fly owner, 2, Neptune terrace
Barker, John, shipowner and merchant, Quay
Barker, Francis, Bear inn, Southtown road
Barker, Misses, haberdashers and fancy dealers, Market row
Barker, M. A., lodging house, York road
Barker, William Wilson, cooper, Theatre plain
Barking, James, dyer, George street
Barlow, Elizabeth, Coach and Horses, North end
Barnaby, William Henry, fish merchant, 24, Southtown road
Barnes, —, butcher, Market-place
Barnes, Alfred John, hair-dresser, Hall quay
Barnes, Charles, hair-dresser, George str.
Barnes, Henry, broker, Charlotte street
Barnby, John Eager, wine and spirit merchant, Charlotte street
Barrett, Benjamin, classical and commercial boarding academy, North quay
Barratt, William, tailor, &c., Howard street
Bartram, John, Royal Vauxhall garden and refreshment rooms, opposite the
railway station
Bartram, John, grocer and tea dealer, King street
Bartram, John Clarke, pawnbroker, Church square
Bate, William, architect and surveyor, North end
Bateman, Matthew, captain, Flushing terrace
Bateman, S. and J. M. A., muslin and fancy warehouse, Market-place
Batley, William, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Bayes, Benjamin, Sailors’ home, South quay
Bayfield, Doily Scott, shipowner, Jetty road
Beales, William, Anchor of Hope, St. George’s road
Beaxwell, Charles, Steam Packet tavern, South beach
Beazor, Martin, saddler and harness maker, Charlotte street
Beckett, Cubitt Thomas, grocer, &c., Factory yard
Beckett, James, eating house, Row 107
Becksfield, Henry, master mariner, 3, Norfolk terrace
Bee, James, boot maker, King street
Bee, Robert, boot maker, Market-place
Bee, Thomas, boot maker, Gaol street
Beecroft, Peter, confectioner, Charlotte street
Beevor, Thomas, confectioner and baker, Gaol street
Bell, Charles, lawyer, Nelson terrace
Bell, George, baker, George street
Bellamy, Daniel W., butcher, King street
Bellamy, Frederic, baker, Gaol street
Bellamy, Winter, butcher, King street
Bennett, John B., cooper, Row 102
Benstead, James, Rose and Crown, Charlotte street
Bessey, John, Lord Nelson tavern, North quay
Bessey, Robert, North tavern, North quay
Bessey, William Henry, coal merchant, Hall quay
Betts, Alfred, tea dealer and grocer, King street
Betts, Hannah, milliner and mantle establishment, Regent street
Betts, John, cordwainer, George street
Bexfield, Joseph, White Lion opening, King street
Bignell, George C., flour dealer, Theatre plain
Bird, William, corn merchant, 54, Southtown road
Bishop, Charles, hair dresser, St. George’s road
Bitson, George, British Lion, Market-place
Bitton, John, broker, Charlotte street
Bird and Co., auctioneers, Middlegate chambers, Gaol street
Blagg, Edward, Eagle tavern, North quay
Blagg, Thomas H., tea dealer and grocer, Market row
Blake, Garson, ship owner, broker, and commission agent, Marine Fire and
Life Assurance, 74, Southtown road
Blake, Robert, fishmonger, Charlotte street
Blake, William, St. Nicholas’ tavern, fish merchant
Blaxell, Charles, Steam Packet tavern, South beach
Blaxell, Samuel, the Birds, Hall quay
Blogg, James, the George and Dragon, Church square
Bloomfield, Mary Ann, Humber Sloop, King street
Blyth, Henry, gutta percha dealer, Market-place
Blyth, John T., boot maker, Market-place
Blyth, Robert J., tobacconist and cigar dealer, Broad row
Bly, Samuel W., Bath hotel, North beach
Boast, James, clerk at the Silk mills factory, 4, Henry’s place
Bootwright, Ann, Rose and Thistle
Boatwright, Geoffrey, pawnbroker, Gaol street
Boatwright, Mary, London tavern, Gaol street
Bolt, James, pilot, 5, Devonshire place
Bond, John, chemist, &c., King street
Bond, Valentine, bonnet presser, Gaol street
Borcham, Philips, pawnbroker, George street
Borrett, Henry, coach builder, George street
Borrett, Simon, lodging house, 5, Apsley terrace
Botwright, Charles, cabinet maker, Gaol street
Boulter, Edward, lodging house, 2, St. James’ terrace
Boulter, Henry, confectioner, North road
Boulter, Thomas, railway terminus, North quay
Bowell, John, pilot, 11, Seymour place
Bowen, Samuel, Britannia tavern, South Market road
Boivers, Robert, haberdasher, George street
Bowles, Samuel, marine store dealer, Gaol street
Bracey, John, grocer, Fuller’s hill
Bracey, John, rope manufactory and ship owner, St. Peter’s road
Bracey, William, tailor, Charlotte street
Bradenham, Benjamin, fruiterer, Gaol str.
Bradenham, Joseph, green grocer, Gaol street
Branch, Elizabeth, stay maker, Charlotte street
Brand, Joseph S., agent to the Scottish Union Athenæum Fire and Accident
Company, Quay
Brand, Robert M., tailor and draper, corner Broad row
Brand and Sons, general outfitters, Broad row
Brandford, Thomas, ship builder, Southtown road
Breese, Robert, ironmonger, Market-place
Brereton, Benjamin, mariner, Jetty road
Brewer, George, shoemaker, Charlotte street
Brewer, Sophia, Carpenters’ Arms, Howard street
Briggs, William, day and evening school, Fuller’s hill
Brighten, Isaac, East and West Flegg house, North end
Brock, John Harvey, tin, iron, copper, and zinc-plate worker, Theatre
plain
Brock, Samuel, fish merchant, South beach
Brooks, John, blacksmith, Row 142
Brooks, William, boot and shoe maker, North end
Brown, Charles, corn merchant, 81, Southtown road
Brown, Charles, maltster, Foot of bridge
Brown and Colby, iron merchants, Gaol street
Brown and Cox, furniture dealers, Charlotte street
Brown, Francis, grocer, Jetty road
Brown and Hebner, milliners and dress makers, 2, St. Peter’s jetty road
Brown, Geoffrey, boot and shoe maker, Monument road
Brown, John, Angel inn, Market-place
Browne, John, Jolly Waterman, and cooper, Fuller’s hill
Browne, Mrs., register office for servants, row 48
Brown, Richard, fishmonger, 2, Brown’s buildings
Browne, William P., New Fountain, Gaol street
Browne, Frederic W., Nelson Tavern, King street
Budds, Horatio James, hairdresser, Howard street
Budds, William J., sail maker, and marine store dealer, row 138; h 59,
Southtown road
Bullen, Sarah, Queen’s Head, Charlotte street
Bulley, Joseph, boot and shoe manufacturer, paved row 129
Bullimore, Robert, Elephant and Castle, Market-place
Bullimore, Thomas, Shakespeare tavern, King street
Bunn, Henry Vincent, butcher, Howard street
Bunn, James, merchant, King street
Bunwell, William, baker, row 45
Burgess, Benjamin, plumber, glazier, &c., North End
Burgess, Thomas, stone and marble mason, North quay
Burkett, Mary Ann, lodging house, South beach
Burling, William, shopkeeper, and post-office, White Lion opening, King
street
Burroughes, William Norton, wine and spirit merchant and ship owner
Burton, Benjamin, Waterman’s Arms, and carter, North Quay
Burton, Charles, plumber and glazier, Gaol street
Burton, George, Queen’s Arms, foot of the bridge
Burton, Hezekiah W., boot and shoe maker, King street
Burton, James, family grocer and Italian warehouseman, King street
Burton, James, tin and zinc-plate worker, off St. Nicholas’ road
Burton, Samuel C., solicitor, King street
Burwood, Isaac, Bricklayers’ Arms, Leicester terrace
Burward, John, clerk, 4, Blake’s buildings
Butcher, Matthew, tanner, Jetty road
Butcher and Sons, commission merchants and ship agents, White Lion
opening, King street (and Lowestoft)
Butler, Mrs. Elizabeth, green grocer, North Quay
Button, Benjamin, surgeon, Regent street
Buxton, John Trueman, house and estate agent, Impey house, Fuller’s hill
Bycroft, George, orange merchant, Charlotte street
Cable, Jeremiah, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Cady, George, Victoria tavern, Charlotte street
Cain, Elizabeth, straw bonnet and millinery establishment, Market-place
Calthorpe, Edward, hay merchant, Wheelwrights’ Arms, Southtown
Campbell, Robert, silk mercer, King str.
Capon, William, master mariner, 53, Southtown road
Carr, George William, clerk, Elmer place
Carr, Onesimus, grocer, 1 Wiltshire place, St. George’s road
Carr, Mrs. Sarah, lodging house, 7, Bath Hill terrace
Carrell, Roger, royal bazaar, King street
Carrier, William, baker, Gaol street
Carriers, William P., baker, 116 row
Carter, George C., Bell and Crown, South Quay
Carter, Maria, South Market road
Carter, William, Spread Eagle, King street
Carter, William, sailor, row 143
Carver, Isaac, basket maker, Gaol street
Cattermole, James, Holkham tavern, North beach
Catton, Charles, organ builder, row 108
Catton, William, watchmaker and jeweller, row 108
Caverly, Mrs. Susan, eating house, North Quay
Ceiley, Thomas, painter and glazier, George street
Chamberlin, Charles H., solicitor and notary, King street
Chambers, William, sail maker, row 112
Chapman, James, Angel, South Quay
Chapman, John, fruiterer, Theatre plain
Chapman, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, North end
Chapman, William, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Chase, John, hairdresser, South street
Chasteney, Everson, baker, East End road
Chasteney, John, baker and shopkeeper, North end
Cheston, William, coach trimmer, and lodging house, 3, 5, 7, Britannia
terrace
Child, James, clerk, North Quay
Childs, Robert, private subscription rooms, Regent street
Childs, William, carter, row 137
Child, William, tailor, Gaol street
Childs, William C., hairdresser, Gaol street
Chilvers, James, grocer and tea dealer, Charlotte street
Christmas, John Waters, Royal Exchange, South Quay
Church, Charlotte, shopkeeper, Howard street
Church, Elizabeth, milliner, &c., St. Nicholas’ road
Clare, Adam, captain, 13, Seymour place
Clarke, Mrs. Ann, lodging house, South beach
Clark, Edmund, confectioner, Gaol street
Clarke, Richard, cabinet maker, Charlotte street
Clark, Samuel, surgeon, King street
Clarke, William, shipwright, Howard street
Claxton, James, baker, George street
Clayton, John Thomas, cabinet maker and upholsterer, King street
Clements, Thomas, beach post office, grocer and tea dealer, 12, Norfolk
terrace
Clifton, Hezekiah T., wheelwright and coal merchant, North end
Clipperton, James, seaman, Elmer place
Clowes, George W., ironmonger, Howard street, and corner of Market-row
Clowes, John, grocer, tea and coffee dealer, Hall Quay
Clowes John, solicitor, agent to the Norwich Union Fire office, Regent
street
Clowes, John, solicitor, King street
Coachman, Edward R., Lloyd’s surveyor of shipping, 42, Southtown road
Coble, John, chemist and druggist, opposite Broad row
Cobb and Son, tanners, curriers, and boot manufacturers, George street
Cobb, John, currier and leather merchant, Charlotte street
Cobb, James, custom-house officer, Regent street
Cobb, James, attorney and notary, Regent street
Cobb, James, leather cutter, George str.
Cobb, John, lodging house, Nile cottage
Cocks and Son, woollen drapers, tailors, and hatters, King street
Cocks, Mrs., milliner and dressmaker, 12, Seymour place
Cohen, David Leyser, fruiterer, tobacconist, &c., Market row
Coleman, Edmund, wine cooper, 3, Henry’s place
Cole, Miss Rebecca, school, St. George’s plain
Collier, Thomas William, fish salesman, back of Wall
Collins, Ann, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Collins, John, shoemaker, row 132
Collis, James, master mariner, 4, Apsley terrace
Coman, William, post-horse master, King street
Combe, Harvey, licensed maltster, Southtown road
Combs, Marmus, ham curer, Gaol street
Cooke, Sarah, grocer, &c., Victoria road
Cooper, John, bookseller, stationer, and printer, Market-place
Cooper, Thomas, builder, South Market road
Cooper, Clarke, plumber and painter, George street
Cooper, Henry, miller, Southtown
Cootes, Henry, fish agent, St. George’s road
Corbyn, Hartwell, tailor and draper, 4, Albion terrace
Corke, John, officer of Inland Revenue, 1, Ely place
Corp, Mrs., lodging house, 11, Claremont terrace
Cory, Charles, solicitor and notary, public town clerk, and clerk to the
Board of Health, Gaol street
Cory, Samuel B., solicitor, Regent street
Cossey, John, Peace and Plenty, Market gates
Costerton, Joseph, Haven and Pier duties office, South Quay
Courlay, David Abraham, haberdashery, cutlery, and toy warehouse, Market
row
Crampton John, 5, Buckingham place
Crane, Isabella, shopkeeper, Charlotte st.
Crane, John, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Crane, Clement, shoemaker, Gaol street
Craske, William, carpenter and builder, North end
Crawford, Kennedy, draper and tea dealer, Monument road
Crick, William, clerk at the crape mills, 1, Trafalgar place
Crickmore, Samuel, Hall tavern, Southtown
Crisp, Samuel Bedford, general ironmonger, St. George’s street
Crisp, Mrs. Elizabeth, lodging house, South beach
Crisp, Edward, coach and fly proprietor, row 104
Crosby & Co., shawl and lace warehouse, King street
Crowe, Frederic, estate agent, Howard street
Crowe, James W., surgeon, Regent str.
Crowe, William R., Bush tavern, South Quay
Cubitt, Samuel, maltster, Southtown road
Cufaude, John Lomas, attorney, Howard street
Curson, Matthew, watch and clock maker, Charlotte street
Curtis, William, corn merchant, Charlotte street
Curtis, Mrs. Ann, milliner, Market row
Curtis, Henry Laws, shopkeeper, Howard street
Curtis, Mrs. Maria, lodging house, 12, Bath place
Dale, Thomas, Water Works Company’s office, Regent street
Darnell, James, master mariner, 2, Seymour place
Darnell, William, master mariner, row 143
Dashwood, Charles Burton, surgeon, King street
Davy, Mrs. Ann, lodging house, 2, Trafalgar place
Davy, Elijah, jun., watch and clock maker, North end
Davy, Frederic, dispensing and family chemist, King street
Davy, John W., lodging house, 1, South Beach road
Davey, Robert, watch maker, Charlotte street
Davie, William, Trinity superintendent, South street
Davis, Philip, draper, Jetty road
Dawson, Benjamin, corn merchant, Hall Quay
Dawson, Robert, steam-packet master, Gaol street
Dawson, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, row 21, North Quay
Dawson, William, boot and shoe maker, Charlotte street
Dawson, William, boot and shoe maker, Broad row
Day, George, boot and shoe maker, North Market road
Dendy, Frederic, draper, silk mercer, &c. corner of Regent street
Dendy, Mrs., baby linen warehouse, Regent street
Dene House, Yarmouth, boarding and lodging for ladies, gentlemen, or
families, conducted by Mrs. Sloman
Denew, James M., printer and bookseller, 72, Hall square
Denton, David, Three Tuns inn, Southtown
Derry, James Fulcher, Black Swan, Howard street
Derry, William L., tailor, &c., Howard street
Diboll, Joseph William, bookbinder, Howard street
Dyboll, Ann, glass and china warehouse, Market row
Ding, John, cabinet maker, North end
Diver, Boswell, spirit merchant, Regent road
Diver and Son, wine and spirit merchants, King street
Doidge, Sampson, lodging house, 9, Blake’s buildings
Doughty, Charles, currier and leather seller, White Horse plain
Doughty, Henry, plumber and glazier, Trafalgar Cottage, North beach
Doughty, Thomas, plumber, glazier, and gas fitter, Gaol street
Doughty, Thomas Drane, grocer and tea dealer, North end
Douglass, Sarah, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Dove, James, sailor, row 132
Dowland, John, White Horse tavern, King street
Downing, Capt. Thomas, 1, Claremont terrace
Dowson and Sons, maltsters, foot of bridge
Drane, James, clerk at Gurneys’ bank, 21, Southtown road
Draper, John, butcher, Market-place
Draper, Joseph, butcher, King street
Draper, William Henry, Turk’s Head, Gaol street
Dublack, James P., marine store dealer, row 104
Duffell, Robert, shopkeeper, George str.
Duffell, Thomas, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Duffield, William, dealer in fruit, &c., Rainbow corner
Duffield, William, greengrocer, George street
Dunn, William, shoemaker, St. George’s road
Dunnell, George, boot and shoe maker, Charlotte street
Dye, George, grocer and flour dealer, North end
Dysons, William, sail manufacturer, Nelson terrace
Earrol, Isaiah P., baker and shopkeeper, Gaol street
Eastick, Henry, fishmonger, row 142
Eastick, Jabez, draper, Market row
Eastick, L., manager of Gas Works, Southtown road
Eaton, Capt. William W., North Trafalgar House
Ecclestone, William, lodging house, 6, Seymour place
Ecclestone, Richard, draper, Broad row
Edward, Ann, hat and hosiery warehouse, George street
Edwards, David, baker, grocer, and tea dealer, Southtown road
Edwards, Edward R., tailor, Gaol street
Edwards, Mary, pork butcher, George st.
Edwards, Thomas B., tailor, George str.
Edwards, William, greengrocer, Gaol str.
Ellen, Mrs., poulterer, St. George’s road
Ellerd, Eliza, general shopkeeper, George street
Ellerd, Robert William, confectioner, King street
Ellett, James, mast and block maker, Hall Quay
Elliott, George, William Tell, Howard st.
Elliott, Philip, lodging house, North Quay
Ellis, Mrs. M. A., lodging house, 17, Trafalgar terrace
Ellis, Robert, Two-necked Swan, Market-place
Ellis, Robert, Victoria hotel, South beach
Ellis, Robert Bean, brush manufacturer, Broad row
Ellis, A, and Son, brush and cork manufacturer and fancy dealer,
Market-place
Ellis, William, shipwright, 6, Buckingham place
Elmer, James, lodging house, 8, Seymour place
English, Charles, lodging house, North Market road
English, Joseph, grocer, &c., North Market road
English, Robert, fish merchant, South Market road
Everitt, John, rope maker, King street
Everitt, William, Millwright, North end
Ewls, Clara, greengrocer, Gaol street
Falk, Thomas, Two Brewers, George st.
Farman, Samuel, baker and publican, North Quay
Farrow, George, tailor, Albion cottage, North beach
Farrow, John, ship agent, King street
Faulke, William, butcher, back of Wall
Febb, John Charles, lawyer, Nelson’s terrace
Fellowes and Son, ship builders, Southtown
Fenn, John, grocer and tea dealer, Market-place
Ferrier, Frederic W., solicitor, Regent street
Ferrier, Richard, corn chandler, White Horse plain
Field, Michael, china and earthenware shop, King street
Fill, Samuel John, ship chandler, South Quay
Fish, Charlotte, straw bonnet maker, Church square
Fish, John, cooper, Regent road
Fish, Sothern, lodging house, 2, Wiltshire cottage
Fisher, John, solicitor, South Quay
Fisher, William T., optician, &c., South Quay
Fiske, Henry, orange merchant, Market row
Fisk, Robert, City of London tavern, Charlotte street
Flaxman, Robert, coach smith, North Quay
Fletcher, Robert, shoe maker, King str.
Flegg, Charles, millinery establishment, Market row
Flowerday, Maria, Saracen’s Head, Church square
Flower, Joseph George, general dealer and potatoe merchant, Market row
Folk, Thomas Nickolds, glass and china warehouse, Market row
Ford, Martha, lodging house, Gaol street
Forder, Edward H., hair dresser, Regent street
Forder, Frederic, cabinet maker, St. Nicholas’ road
Forder, Joseph Sharman, Tanners’ Arms, off Market road
Forder, Rebecca, broker, Charlotte street
Foreman, Elizabeth, haberdasher, Broad row
Foreman, James, master mariner, 2, Somerset place
Foreman, Thomas, baker, &c., Gaol str.
Foreman, William J., coal merchant, Hall Quay
Fosdike, Robert, ironmonger, Nelson terrace
Fowler, Daniel Reed, manufacturer and linen and woollen draper,
Market-place
Francis, George, fishmonger, North end
Franklin, John, Crown and Anchor, Hall Quay
Freeman, Charles, grocer and flour dealer Charlotte street
Freeman, Charles, ironmonger, Church square
Freeman, Charles, ironmonger, King str.
Freeman, John, Mariner’s Chart, Gaol street
Freeman, William, engraver, lithographer, and printer, Market-place
French, John, Royal Standard, Victoria road
French, Matilda, shopkeeper, George street
French, Thomas, fish merchant, Royal Standard, North beach
Fromow, Thomas, shoemaker, Gaol str.
Frosdick, William, grocer, &c., Market road
Frost, Thomas, ginger beer merchant, Charlotte street
Fry, John, hair dresser, Charlotte street
Fulcher and Dyson, sailmakers, row 108
Fulcher, Edmund, hairdresser, Market-place
Fulcher, William, blacksmith, Fuller’s hill
Fyson, Joseph, draper and haberdasher, Market row
Fyson, Joseph, linen and woollen draper, Market-place
Godbur, Matilda, lodging house, Wellington Lodge, South beach
Gambling, Horace, miller, 13, Southtown
Garnham, Lieut. John, R. N., Southtown road
Garrod, David, gas fitter, Charlotte street
Garrad, Sarah, shopkeeper, George street
Garson, Susan, school, King street
Gayfer, John, fish merchant, North Quay
Gaze, Hannah, lodging house, 3, Providence place
Gaze, John, builder, 1, Somerset place, North Denes
Gee, Richard, Duke of Sussex, Market-place
George, John, shipwright, Howard street
George, Thomas, seaman, Jetty road
George, Thomas, draper, King street
Garrod, Edward, Princess Charlotte, George street
Gibbs, Robert, waterproof hat manufacturer, North Quay
Giles, George William, ship bread baker and auctioneer, South Quay
Gilkes, Sarah, dressmaker, South Market road
Gillings, Benjamin, shoemaker, Gaol str.
Gillings, George, baker, &c., George str.
Gillings, Mary Ann, Nelson’s Head, King street
Glanfield, William, common and general agent, St. George’s road
Glenister, Ann, lodging house, 1, Kent place
Godbolt, Joseph, cooper, &c., Southtown
Goddard, Henry E., chemist, agent to the London Union Fire and Life
Assurance office, White Horse plain
Goddard, James, lodging house, South Market road
Goffin, Alfred, dealer in marine stores, Fuller’s hill
Goffin, John, junr., plumber and glazier, Southtown
Goffin, John, plumber and glazier, King street
Goffin, Martha, day school, row 8
Gold, John Daniel, hairdresser, Market-place
Gooch, Borrett, stationer, Regent road
Gooch, David, pawnbroker, Gaol street
Gooch, Thomas, hotel, Monument road
Gooch, Thomas, basket maker, North Quay
Gooda, Thomas William, blacksmith and wheelwright, foot of bridge
Goodram, James, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Goodrick, George T., boot and shoe manufacturer and auctioneer,
Market-place
Goodwin, Richard, dealer in hay, Tomlinson Arms, Gaol street
Goodwin, Samuel, lodging house, Thorpe cottage
Gosling, William, fish merchant, Jetty road
Gould, Mrs., lodging house, 3, Britannia terrace
Gowing, Elizabeth, draper, 7, Victoria road
Gowing, John, Sir Samuel Hood, Charlotte street
Gray, Thomas Edward, bell hanger, gas fitter, and engineer, King street
Green, Charles, boot and shoe maker, King street
Green, Robert, wine and spirit vaults, Fuller’s hill
Greenacre, James, flour shop, North end
Greenacre, Thomas, carpenter, Monument road
Greenwood, Edward, builder, Market road
Grief, James, fish merchant, row 137
Grudgefield, Robert W., Her Majesty’s Customs, King street
Grumble, Henry, pork butcher, South st.
Gull, William, mariner, King street
Gunn, William, grocer, &c., North Market road
Gunton, Samuel, butcher, Market-place
Gunton, Simon, jun., butcher, Market-place
Gurney, Matthew, fishmonger, North end
Guydon, William, bonnet warehouse, Church square
Guyton, George, upholsterer, &c., North Quay
Guyton, Thomas, cabinet maker, row 129
Guyton, William, cooper, row 45
Guyton, James, Albion, Monument road
Hacon, Henry, butcher, George street
Hacon, Henry Thomas, butcher, South street
Hacon, William Craske, grocer and tea dealer, White Horse plain
Haines, John, Prince Regent, Gaol street
Haines, William C., Waterloo tavern, Jetty road
Halfnight, John, master mariner, 9, Henry place
Hall, Abraham, shopkeeper, Fuller’s hill
Hall, Henry, grocer and baker, near Nelson place
Hall, Henry, licensed to let horses and gigs
Hall, James B., grocer, Millers’ Arms, North Market road
Hall, James, baker, Hall Quay
Hall, John, mariner, 3, Devonshire place
Hall, John, Grapes, George street
Hall, William, boot and shoe maker, row 140
Hall, William, sailor, 2, Buckingham place
Halland, James, dealer in tea, Temperance coffee house, Gaol street
Halliday, Daniel, hairdresser, King street
Hales, Ann Maria, midwife, Charlotte st.
Halsey, James, lodging house, 2, Blake’s buildings
Hammond, Hinchman, carpenter and joiner, King street
Harbord, Thomas, whitesmith, Priory plain
Harbord, William, corn and flour merchant, North Market road
Harman, Henry, Crown tavern, North end
Harmer, Benjamin, shopkeeper, Gaol str.
Harmer, Henry Robert, solicitor, South Quay
Harmer, Robert, solicitor, Quay
Harris, John, pipe maker, Fuller’s hill
Harrison, John, dealer in marine stores, row 136
Harrison, William, grocer and tea dealer, Gaol street
Hart, Mrs. Ann, lodging house, 1, Blake’s buildings
Harvey, George, whitesmith, row 136
Harvey, George, veterinary surgeon, Southtown road
Harvey, James, dealer, &c., row 139
Harvey, Robert, whitesmith, row 118
Harvey Robert, lodging house, South beach
Hastings, Susanna and Mary Ann, milliners and dressmakers, Market road
Hastings, William B., baker and grocer, Victoria place
Hatch, William, plumber and glazier, Howard street
Havers, Caroline, milliner and straw bonnet maker, South Market road
Hawes, Charles, boot and shoe maker, row 129
Hawkins, Elizabeth, lodging house, St. George’s road
Hawkins, John, baker, North Quay
Hawkins, —, lodging house, Albion terrace
Hawkins, William, pork butcher, Gaol st.
Hay, Louisa, news agent, Charlotte street
Hayward Ann, ladies’ day school, Theatre plain
Hayward, Edward G., basket maker, St. Nicholas’ road
Henry, Jonathan, fishmonger, North Quay
Herring, John George, ham, tongue, and bacon curer, King street
Herrington, William, boot and shoe maker, White Horse plain
Hewby, Elizabeth, lodging house, Jetty road
Hewett, William Henry, chemist and dentist, Market-place
Hickling, Robert, auctioneer, Cattle Market inn
High, Louisa, lodging house, 10, Albion terrace
High, William, boot and shoe maker, Gaol street
Hill, Robert, mercer, Market row
Hodgkinson, Frederic, solicitor, South Quay
Hogg, Capt. Robert, 3, Seymour place
Holland, George, mariner, 6, Norfolk terrace
Holley, Thomas, seaman, George street
Holliday William, hairdresser, Church square
Hollis, Job, cutler and grinder, Gaol str.
Holmes, George, hairdresser, South street
Holmes, G. W., East of England bank, Regent street
Holmes, Joseph, coachman, Market road
Holmes, Robert, mariner, Gaol street
Holsworth, Stephen, Suffolk tavern, Gaol street
Holt & Son, solicitors, agents to Norwich Union Assurance office, Quay
Horn, Robert, lodging house, 4, Devonshire place
Houchen, George, confectioner, Howard street
Houghton, Thomas, baker, Gaol street
Houghton, William, boat builder, North Quay
Howard, Charles Mills, Steam Packet tavern, Hall Quay
Howard, Hannah, stay maker, Gaol street
Howard, James, gardener, North end
Howard, James, Barking Smack, opposite jetty
Howard, John, Barking Smack, South beach
Howard, Mary, baker, Charlotte street
Howard, Samuel, baker, George street
Howes, Henry, plumber and glazier, Southtown
Howes, Thomas, master mariner, 6, Somerset place
Howes, Mrs. Wm., lodging house, 1, Russell square
Howes, William, Old White Lion, King street
Howlett, Ann, pawnbroker, Howard str.
Howlett, George, baker, George street
Howlett, John, broker, Gaol street
Howlett, William, broker, Charlotte str.
Hubbard, John, dyer, Gaol street
Hudson, Thomas, Rose tavern, King str.
Hull, Mary, Royal Oak, Hall quay
Humphrey, John, agent to the County Fire and Provident Life Office, Ely
place
Hunt, Charles B., plumber and glazier, Market road
Hunt, Elijah, shopkeeper and potatoe merchant, Gaol street
Hunt, Frederic Thomas, hairdresser, agent to the Observer Life Assurance,
King st.
Hunt, Henry, watch maker, jeweller, and silversmith, Broad row
Hunter, Cornelius, draper, 9, Somerset place
Hunter, Henry C., Foundry Arms, Gaol street
Hunter, Henry Lovick, tailor, hosier, and haberdasher, Fuller’s hill
Hurren, George, Ferry Boat inn, Southtown
Hurst, Thomas, lodging house, 4, Buckingham place
Hylton, John B., shipowner and coal merchant, South quay
Ingram, Charles, North Star, North quay
Ingram, William, Railway tavern, Fuller’s hill
Isaac, John Jacob, builder, St. Nicholas’ road
Ives, Samuel, confectioner, Howard str,
Ives, Samuel R., confectioner, Church square
Jackson, James, Priory house, Priory lane
Jackson, James, cheese factor and general provision merchant, North quay
Jackson, Wm., corn and seed merchant, and commission agent, North quay
Jackson, William, corn merchant, Southtown road
Jacobs, Jacob, general dealer, Broad row
Jarred, Frederic, fishmonger, North quay
Jarrald, William, grocer, 5, Seymour place
Jarvis, Thomas H., mariner, Jetty road
Jay, Amelia, dress maker, Row 128
Jay, Benjamin, coal merchant, King str.
Jay, Elizabeth, Church square
Jay, Francis, baker, King street
Jay, Henry M., shipowner, King street
Jay, James B., baker and shopkeeper, Rainbow corner, North quay
Jay, Edward Ward, chemist, King street
Jecks, W. and C., importers of timber and deals, South quay
Jackman, James, shopkeeper, Charlotte st.
Jenkinson, Samuel, shipowner, South Market road
Jephson, Charles, Assam tea warehouse, Hall quay
Jewell, Edmund D., solicitors’ clerk, 7, Henry’s place
Jewell, William, Red Lion, Gaol street
Johnson Brothers, waterproof clothing manufacturers, Row 136
Johnson, George, Horse and Groom, Market-place
Johnson, Henry, tailor, Monument road
Johnson, James, sailor, 9, Southtown
Johnson, Job, builder, Theatre plain
Johnson, Joshua, baker and shopkeeper, Howard street
Johnson, Joshua, cabinet maker and lodging house, St. George’s road
Johnson, John William, draper, King street
Johnson, Robert S., evening school, South Market road
Johnson, Robert, bricklayer, Hall quay
Johnson, Robert, pork butcher, George street
Johnson, Sturwaight, linen draper, 18, Southtown road
Johnson and Sons, carpet warehousemen and drapers, corner Market row
Johnson, William Steward, draper, 4, Britannia terrace
Johnson, William, linen draper, 82, Southtown road
Johnson, William, baker, Market row
Johnson, Samuel, draper, &c., 8, Henry’s place
Joygel, Robert, Coachmakers’ Arms, Market-place
Juby, Elizabeth, lodging house, 9, Bath Hill terrace
Juler, Miles, watch maker and jeweller, Row 129
Julier, John, ship captain, Swan’s buildings
Keable, Henry, window blind manufacturer, Theatre plain
Keable, John, butcher, Market-place
Keevil, George, stationer and news agent, King street
Kelf, Thomas Philip, boot and shoe maker, Charlotte street
Kemp, Stephen, Marine hotel, South beach
Kemp, William, boot and shoe maker, Market row
Kemp, John Charles, tailor, draper, and hatter, King street
Kemp, William, baker, row 125
Kemp, Capt. Richard, 89, Southtown road
Kent, William, baker, St. George’s road
Kerrenhappuch, Hammond, milliner and straw bonnet maker, King street
Key, John, builder, North quay
Key, William, St. George’s tavern, St. George’s road
Key, Robert, Market gate, Market road
King, Alfred, White Swan, South Quay
King, Elizabeth Ann, lodging house, 16, Trafalgar terrace
King, Frederic, grocer, &c., row 129
King, George, shoemaker, King street
Kittle, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Jetty road
King, William, Norfolk tavern, Gaol str.
Knowles, James, mast, block, and pump maker, North Quay
Lacey, Mary, Yarmouth Arms, Hall Quay
Lacon, Sir E. and Sons, brewery, Church square
Ladbrooke, Robert, carver and gilder, Gaol street
Laird, Robert, Pleasure Boat tavern, North Quay
Lake, Robert John, Blue Anchor, Market-place
Lake, William, silk mills, Saint Nicholas’ road
Lamb, James, basket maker, Market row
Lamb, William, butcher, St. George’s road
Lamb, Richard, butcher, King street
Lamb, Matthew, fishmonger, North Quay
Lamb, Thomas, jeweller and silversmith, row
Lane, James S., coach builder, North end
Lane, Benjamin, collector of Market tolls and poor rates, Flushing
terrace
Larke, Robert, clothier, King street
Larke and Bartram, stone and marble masons, North Quay
Lark, Robert, tailor and clothier, Gaol st.
Larke, Edgar, shoe manufacturer and general outfitter, Broad row
Lark, James, Cross Keys, Gaol street
Larke, William, grocer and baker, South Market road
Lark, Mary, lodging house, 2, Claremont terrace
Larlham, Jane, dress and mantle maker, King street
Last, William Robert, silversmith, King street
Lawn, James, tailor, hatter, and woollen draper, Broad row
Laws, William, grocer and tea dealer, George street
Laws, James, grocer, Millers’ Arms, North Market road
Laws, Joseph, baker, St. Nicholas’ road
Lay, James, shopkeeper, Howard street
Layton, William B., hairdresser, Theatre plain
Layton, Hezekiah M., assessor of taxes, 6, Southtown
Layton, Thomas, pilot, 7, Providence place
Lee, John, chemist and cod liver oil maker, Kimberley terrace, South
beach
Leeder, Richard Edmund, boot and shoe maker, Broad row
Leggett, James, bricklayer, back of Wall
Lessey, Samuel, grocer and tea dealer, King street
Lettis, Thomas, rope maker, King street
Levy, Solomon, dealer in cigars and foreign fruit, Broad row
Lexon, John, grocer, &c., North Quay
Libbis, James, Anson Arms inn, Southtown
Lincoln, Sarah, milliner and dress maker, Hall Quay
Lincoln, Henry, tailor, North Quay
Lingwood, Charles, Greyhound, Southtown road
Little, David, grocer and tea dealer, wholesale and retail
Lock, James, lodging house, 3, Bath hill terrace
Locket, William, grocer, &c., Southtown road
Lorimer, John, grocer and tea dealer, Broad row
Lott, John Henry, ship chandler, King st.
Louttid, William, haberdashery and fancy warehouse, Market row
Lovewell, Thomas S., Norfolk and Norwich Arms, St. George’s road, Denes
Lovick, William, mast and block maker, lodging house, 3, York terrace
Lowrie, Catherine, milliner, Gaol street
Lubbock, Charles, common brewer, row 144
Lucia, William, grocery and provision warehouse, King street
Lumber, Charles, shopkeeper, George str.
Lupson, Edward John, Scripture reader, 8, Somerset place
Lydamore, Mary, milliner, Gaol street
Mabson, William, chemist, Market-place
Mack, William Leeder, tailor and draper, Market row
Mack, William, tailor, Market road
Mack, Isaac G., boat builder, 71, Southtown road
Mack, William Christmas, organ builder, pianoforte tuner, &c., 3,
Somerset place
Mainprice, John, wine and spirit merchant, wholesale and retail
Mallett, Samuel, marine store dealer, Gaol street
Mann, William, fish salesman, St. George’s road
Mann, William, shopkeeper, George street
Manning, George Henry, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Manning, Mrs. Hannah, blacksmith, St. Nicholas’ road
Manship, George, Excursion Train, North Quay
Margerom, Daniel, shopkeeper, Howard street
Margeston, Henry, gardener, South Market road
Margetsons, Joseph, florist, &c., North end
Margeston, Hannah M., dressmaker, South Market road
Marsh, William, pork butcher, George street
Marsh, Samuel Charles, importer and dealer in Foreign wines and spirits,
Regent street
Marshall, William, shopkeeper, Gaol str.
Marshall, Edward, greengrocer, Fuller’s hill
Marshall, Mrs. Ann, lodging house, 2, Providence place
Martins, Richard and Thomas, tailors, hatters, hosiers, and general
outfitters, Market row
Martins, Samuel, shoemaker, Gaol street
Maryson, Francis, ruler and bookbinder, row 101
Mason, Madame de, Jetty road, French milliner and dressmaker
Mason, William, lodging house, 6, Bath inn terrace
Mason, John, boot and shoe maker, Fuller’s hill
Matthews, Benjamin, baker, Gaol street
Mayers, John, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Mayston, Robert, Steam Packet, George street
Meadows, William, shopkeeper, Gaol str.
Meall, Louis Alfred, stationer and printer, Hall quay
Mede, George, confectioner, King street
Medex, Sampson, A., merchant, King street
Miles, James T., shopkeeper, 10, Bath place
Miles, Richard, Duke of York, George street
Miller, Mrs. Caroline, grocer, Monument road, Dowager place
Miller, Miss S. B., dressmaker, row 127
Miller, William, shoemaker, South quay
Miller and Hunt, linen and woollen drapers, Market place
Mingay, Jonathan, tailor, North quay
Minns, William, Norfolk Hero, Gaol street
Mitchell, James, shopkeeper, South street
Mitchell, Michael, south-westers and water-proof manufacturer, Howard
str.
Mobbs, Wm., Mariners’ tavern, Howard street
Moise, Thomas, warehouseman, 10, Norfolk terrace
Molloth, William N., pianoforte dealer, King street
Money, Thomas, confectioner, Charlotte street
Money, Mrs. Maria, lodging house, 19, Trafalgar terrace
Monsey, Mary, clothes dealer, George str.
Moody, Jeremiah, eating house, Church square
Moore and Nuthal, tailors and hatters, Market place
Moore, Joseph B., drapery, bonnet, mantle, and dress-making
establishment, Market place
Moore, Thomas, tailor, draper, and hatter, Broad row
Moore, James B., carpenter and joiner, Osborne terrace
Morly, Mrs. Mary, registrar office for servants, Regent street
Morris, Charles, manager of Athenæum Fire, Professional Life, General
Life, Cattle, Accidental, and Compensation Offices, Regent street
Moss, Thomas, mariner, Jetty road
Moss, William, leather cutter, George str.
Moss, Mary Ann, dressmaker, North end
Moss, Mrs., lodging house, 4, Devonshire place
Moss, William, greengrocer, Jetty road
Nash, Henry, mariner, Neptune terrace
Nash, John, currier, shoe mercer, and leather cutter, King street
Neale, Ann, Neptune, Priory place
Neale, Stephen, fish merchant, 11, Bath place
Neave, Richard, baker and shopkeeper, Fuller’s hill
Neaves, George, rope and twine manufacturer, North end
Neave, James William, woollen draper, tailor, hatter, and general
outfitter, North end
Neave, James, rope and twine spinner, North end
Newark, Henry, cabinet maker and broker, George street
Newark, Isaac, shopkeeper, Charlotte str.
Newark, John, broker and shoemaker, Charlotte street
Newman, William, tailor, 8, Providence place
Newstead, Thomas, vessel rigger, Brunswick place
Newton, William, boot and shoe maker, Market row
Nichols, John Cubitt, Sir John Franklin, Victoria road
Nickerson, Robert, bricklayer, Gaol str.
Nightingale, Samuel, maltster, 9, Parish row
Noble, Henry, lodging house, Southtown
Nolloth, William, bootmaker, King street
Nolloth, John, tailor, draper, and hatter, Regent street
Norfor, Henry James, builder, St. George’s road
Norgate, William, lodging house, 1, Brown’s buildings
Norman, Simon, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Charlotte street
Norman, Richard M., surgeon, St. George’s road
Norman, John, plumber, glazier, and painter, Theatre plain
Norman, Simon, cabinet maker, 9, Bath place
Norton, Alfred Crowe, grocer, tea dealer, and coffee roaster, Market row
Norton, Henry B., builder, St. George’s road, and row 118, Gaol street
Norton, William, Ship tavern, Gaol street
Norton, James William, bookseller, Gaol street
Norton, Thomas Richard, coal merchant, Southtown road
Noverre, Frank, dancing academy, (on Wednesdays), back of Wall
Nunn, Joseph, lodging house keeper, Jetty road
Nutman, Edward, confectioner, Market row
Nutman, Mary Ann, Sons of Commerce, South Quay
Nutman, John Hawkins, smith and ironmonger, branch post-office, Fuller’s
hill
Obee, Obadiah, builder, Regent road
Offord and Son, cutlers and surgical instrument manufacturers, Howard
street
Oliver, George, seaman, Gaol street
Olley, James, coffee and eating house, Market-place
Olley and Son, tailors and drapers, Market row
Olley, Thomas, tailor, 3, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Orfeur, John, timber and deal merchant, Southtown road
Orfeur, Thomas, captain, 4, Sefton terrace, Southtown road
Orfeur, Thomas, captain, back of Wall
Osborne, Omar, sexton of St. Nicholas’ church, back of Wall
Osborne, Thomas, shopkeeper, Gaol str.
Owles, John, chemist, Hall quay
Page, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Page, Joseph Nathaniel, Buck inn, Hall quay
Page, Nathaniel, Mariners’ Compass tavern, Row 142
Page, Thomas H., grocer and tea-dealer, King street
Page, Sophia, lodging house, 4, Bath pl.
Page, Philip William, hair dresser and fishing tackle maker, Howard
street
Page, William, shopkeeper, George str.
Palk, Thomas, china, glass, and earthenware warehouse, Market row
Palmer Brothers, linen and woollen drapers, and carpet warehouse,
Market-place
Palmer, James H., brewer, King street
Palmer, Charles, surgeon, King street
Palmer, George D., merchant, South quay
Palmer, Charles, solicitor, Quay
Palmer, Frederic, surgeon, Market
Palmer, James Henry, Stamp office, Regent street
Palmer, Edmund R., solicitor, County Court Office, and agent to the
Suffolk Fire Office, Regent street
Palmer, Henry, solicitor, King street
Palmer, James, jun., brewer, Jetty road
Palmer, James, Quadrant tavern, York road
Palmer, N. B., draper, Market-place
Palmer, Garwood, linen draper, Southtown terrace
Palmer, Robert, lodging house, 90, Southtown road
Palmer, Henry D., timber merchant, Southtown road
Pammant, William, timber and coal merchant, &c., North Quay
Panks, Henry, boot and shoe maker and corn extractor, back of Wall
Panks, Henry, shoemaker, &c., 1, Bath place and back of Wall
Parker, George, shopkeeper, Charlotte st.
Parker, John, miller, Regent road
Parkerson, James, shipwright, &c., row 143
Parmenter, Richard, Happy Home, North Quay
Paston, James, jun., Cock, Gaol street
Paston, James, White Horse, Gaol street
Patterson, James, boot and shoe maker, Charlotte street
Paul, Thomas, account-book maker and stationer, Gaol street
Payne, Robert, boot and shoe maker, South Market road
Peak, Samuel, tailor and waterproof manufacturer, row 129
Perry, William, baker, Gaol street
Pestall, Mary, Star hotel, Hall Quay
Pestell, Elizabeth, greengrocer, North Market road
Peterson, M. A., lodging house, Bath place
Pestall, Simon, shopkeeper and baker, Laughing Image corner, North Quay
Pettingill, Walter, solicitor, agent to the Sun Fire office, Regent
street
Pettingill, William, licensed brewer, the Conge
Phinn, Nathan, bootmaker, Gaol street
Pike, Robert, sailmaker and greengrocer, St. George’s road, North beach
Pile, John, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Pilgrim, Robert, draper, Market place
Pincanea, Miss Hannah, dressmaker, 6, Providence place
Pitcher, William, bootmaker, George street
Pitnell, Edward, banker’s clerk, 44, Southtown road
Plane, John, Norwich Arms, North quay
Plane, Thomas, Captains’ Arms, Fuller’s hill
Platford, James, eating house, Howard street
Platt and Read, Misses, milliners and straw hat makers, St. Nicholas’
road
Pleasants, Ann, ironmonger and grocer, South quay
Plumb, James, Duke’s Head, Hall quay
Plummer and Co., merchants and ship owners, King street
Plummer, Henry, Griffin, George street
Plummer, Joseph Goulding, collegiate and commercial boarding school, King
street
Plummer, Joseph, lodging house, 2, Devonshire place
Plummer, Joseph Andrew, plumber and painter, Gaol street
Pomfrey, James, Cambridge tavern, Gaol street
Porter, Edward, Star and Garter, Hall quay
Porter, Edward, agent to Seaman, Grimmer, and Co., and agents to Truman,
Hanbury, and Co., North quay
Powell, Benjamin, merchant, King street
Powell, Benjamin, Castle tavern, South quay
Powell, Joseph, ship builder, 91, Southtown road
Powley, John, ginger beer and cordial manufacturer, Fuller’s hill
Pratt, Alfred, hairdresser, Gaol street
Pratt, James H., builder, North quay
Pratt, James, wine merchant and auctioneer, Howard street
Pratt, Samuel, shopkeeper, Southtown road
Press, George, miller, East street
Preston, Edward, Market house, Victoria place
Preston, Isaac, sen., timber merchant, Quay
Preston, Jacob, wine merchant, South Quay
Pulford, George, cheesemonger, Market road
Purdy, James, whitesmith, Railway foundry, Fuller’s hill
Purdy, James, iron and brass founder, &c., North Quay
Purdy, Joseph H., printer, Hall Quay
Purdy, Thomas, Liverpool tavern, Gaol street
Purdy, Robins, ship owner, Southtown road
Purkiss, Thomas, St. John’s Head, North Quay
Pye, Martin, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Pye, Richard, baker, White Lion opening, King street
Pye, William, butcher, Howard street
Pyke, Morris, commercial traveller, Regent road
Quinton, John, hairdresser, Jetty road
Quinton, John, hairdresser, Fuller’s hill
Quinton, Mrs. Mary Ann, lodging house, 3, Trafalgar place
Rackham, James, chemist, Charlotte str.
Rackham, John, shopkeeper, King street
Rainer, Francis, boot and shoe maker, King street
Rainer, George, tailor, 2, Victoria place
Rand, William, cow-keeper, Southtown road
Ransome, Sarah, eating house, George street
Rant, George, grocer and tea dealer, Market-place
Rant, George, shopkeeper, George street
Ratcliffe, John, coach builder, Fuller’s hill
Ranney, William, grocer, &c., Alma place
Ray, Mrs. Charlotte, green grocer, South market
Read, John, Weavers’ Arms, Market-place
Read, Mrs. Ann, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Read, William, carpenter, North Quay
Reading, Isaac, Lion and Lamb, King street
Reed, Robert, shopkeeper, George street
Reed, James Robert, wine and spirit merchant, South Quay
Remblants, William, shopkeeper, South street
Reynolds and Palmer, Admiralty office, Regent street
Richardson, John, collector of customs, Jetty road
Riches, John, King’s Arms, North end
Richmond, John, New Queen’s Head, Howard street
Richmond, Robert, confectioner, Charlotte street
Richmond, Samuel C., coal merchant, Southtown road, Coal wharf
Riches, William, grocer, &c., North end
Rising, Edwin, baker, South Market road
Rising, William, shopkeeper, White Lion opening, King street
Rivett, James, confectioner, Broad row
Rivett, John Richard, confectioner, King street
Roberts, Robert, Marine Tap, South beach
Roberts, Mrs. Mary, lodging house, 8, Britannia terrace
Robins, William D., draper, Broad row
Rogers, Joseph, boarding and day school, King street
Roll, Daniel, Guardian Angel, Southtown road
Rolling, James, baker and shopkeeper, Laughing Image corner, North Quay
Rosette, Sig. G., dealer in cigars and tobacco, Jetty road
Rous, George, twine spinner, row 137
Rouse, John, Dover packet, South street
Rowland, William, baker, Charlotte street
Royall, John, tailor, Charlotte street
Rushmer, Mrs. Hannah, lodging house, York place
Rushmer, Mrs. Hannah, 2, York terrace
Rushmer, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, row 107
Rushmer, William, tobacconist, York terrace
Runniff, John, fish merchant, 3, Bath place
Sacret, Robert, boot and shoe warehouse, Broad row
Sager, Daniel, boot and shoe maker, off St. Nicholas’ road
Salmon, John, fishmonger, row 130
Samson, Henry, Champion tavern, King street
Sayer, Christopher, solicitor and notary, Queen street
Sayer, Thomas, baker, Gaol street
Sayer, Thomas, porter merchant, Southtown road
Scales, William, captain, St. George’s road
Scott, Henry, Regent gardens, Theatre plain
Scott, Miss J., dressmaker, row 118
Scott, James, shipowner, King street
Scott, James Alger, baker, White Lion opening, King street
Scott, Robert, Jolly Tar tavern, Saint George’s road
Scotter, John, hairdresser, Jetty road
Scotten, Mrs. Sarah, grocer, Fuller’s hill
Scruton, Mrs. Susan, lodging house, 11, Norfolk terrace
Seager, James, shopkeeper, Charlotte street
Seaman, Misses, fancy repository, King street
Self, George, bootmaker, Howard street
Self, James, fish curer, row 145
Sewell and Appleton, Misses, Berlin wool and fancy repository, Market row
Sewell, Edward, grocer and tea dealer, Market place
Sewell, Thomas, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Sewell, William, master mariner, 11, Somerset house
Shales, William, eating house, Charlotte street
Sharland, Mrs. M. A., lodging house, Victoria place
Sharman, John C., confectioner, King street
Sharpe, George, music seller, pianoforte warehouse, King street
Shelley and Co., agents to Lloyd’s Insurance and Shipping Cos., South
quay
Shelly, John Wilson, hemp merchant, South quay
Sherwin, Mary Ann, straw-bonnet maker, South street
Shingles, George, chemist, Gaol street
Shipston, Samuel, butcher, South quay
Shorten, Samuel, shopkeeper, George street
Shreeve, Henry Stacey, tailor and draper, King street
Shuchford, Isaac, fish merchant, St. Nicholas’ road
Silvers, Robert, chemist, Gaol street
Simmons, Edward, shopkeeper, King street
Simmons, Robert, mariner, Jetty road
Simons, Godfrey, William the Fourth, George street
Simmons, Joseph Henry, gas-fitter, George street
Simons, William, blacksmith, row 137
Simpson, Charles, gun and whitesmith, Fuller’s hill
Simpson and Co., linen and woollen drapers, King street
Simpson, William, watch and clock maker, Broad row
Sims, Samuel, Dog and Duck, South quay
Sizeland, Mrs. tailoress, row 130
Shakel, John, day and boarding academy, Howard street
Sloman, Charles, printer, bookseller, stationer, and news agent, King
street
Smith, Charles, cooper, &c., row 130
Smith, Charles, boot and shoe maker, Charlotte street
Smith, Frederic, general dealer, Market-row
Smith, James, haircutter, George street
Smith, Job, grocer and tea dealer, Charlotte street
Smith, John C., surgeon, back of Wall
Smith, John C., surgeon, King street
Smith, John, blacksmith, York road
Smith, Mrs. Lucia, lodging house, Victoria cottage, South beach
Smith, Mrs. Lydia, brazier, row 130
Smith, Mrs. Mary, grocer, &c., Conge
Smith, Martha, broker, George street
Smith, Robert, lodging house, North Quay
Smith, Robert Thomas, cabinet maker, Charlotte street
Smith, Robert, eating house, Church square
Smith, Thomas, baker and grocer, Howard street
Smith, Thomas, fishmonger, St. George’s road
Smith, William, shop-keeper, Gaol street
Smith, William, milliner, Gaol street
Smith, William, and Son, tailors and drapers, Broad row
Smith, William, cooper, George street
Smyth, Spencer Thomas, physician and surgeon, 1, St. George’s terrace
Soanes, Thomas, fishmonger, George str.
Solesby, James, sailor, row 132
Solomon, Abraham, optician, jeweller and watchmaker, King street
Somner, John, revenue officer, Southtown road
Sothern, Samuel, bookseller, stationer, and printer, reading rooms and
library, King street
Sothern, W. Alexander, short-hand writer, York place
Sowell, Edmund, painter and glazier, Gaol street
Spashett, Christopher Hewitt, agent, Fishing Smack, Southtown
Spelman and Sons, auctioneers, Hall Quay
Springall, Robert, tobacconist, snuff-maker, and importer of cigars,
Broad row
Staff, Amelia, staymaker, Howard street
Staff, William, mariner, row 143
Stagg, Edward, auctioneer, Howard street
Stagg and Son, ironmongers and braziers, Broad row
Stagg, James Henry, chemist, Broad row
Stanley, John, stone and marble mason, North end
Starling, Frederic, boot and shoe maker, Charlotte street
Starling, John, hat and cap manufacturer, Market row
Starling, Jonathan, shopkeeper, Howard street
Starling, George, boot and shoe maker, North Market road
Steel, Richard, grocer, haberdasher, hosier, &c., Jetty road
Stephenson, Samuel, collector of assessed taxes, York road
Stephenson, Mrs., lodging house, 9, Seymour place
Stevenson, Mrs. Priscilla, grocer, &c., Seymour place
Steward, Arthur, brewer, King street
Steward, Patteson and Co., brewers, North Quay, and Norwich
Steward and Son, chemists, Market-place
Steward, Richard, carpenter and builder, Regent road
Steward, John, Theatre tavern, Theatre plain
Steward, Christopher, pawnbroker, row 87
Steward, Robert, timber and deal merchant, Southtown road
Stevens, John, linen and woollen draper, Market-place
Stolworthy, Edmund, Anchor of Hope, Church square
Stolworthy, Robert and Edmund, millwrights, North end
Stone, A. D., sail maker, Row 124
Stone, David, sail manufacturer, 20, Southtown road
Stove, William D., saddler and harness maker, Howard street
Storey, John, carpenter, 72, Southtown road
St. Quinton, Charles, supervisor, 9, Norfolk terrace
Strowger, Samuel, surgeon, King street
Striker, Joseph, mariner, 8, Norfolk terrace
Sturgeon, Mary, Druids’ tavern, Gaol street
Suggate, Henry, chemist, Jetty road
Sumner, Elizabeth, plumber and glazier, York house
Sumner, George, house painter and decorator, Hall quay
Sumner, John, clothier, White Lion opening, King street
Sumner, William, cutler, Chapel paved row
Swanbrow, John, Scripture reader, 13, Henry’s place
Swann, Samuel, butcher, Market-place
Swann, William, butcher, Market
Swanston, Samuel, millinery establishment, Gaol street
Swanston, William, boot and shoe maker, Regent road
Sann, Mrs., milliner and dress maker, North end
Tanner, Henry, spirit merchant, North end
Taster, Robert, lodging house, 3, Abley terrace
Taylor, George, confectioner, Jetty road
Taylor, Henry, hair cutter and perfumer
Taylor and Son, builders, North quay
Taylor, Thomas, carpenter and joiner, Conge
Taylor, Thomas, Waggon and Horses, North end
Teasdel, Henry, ship chandler and general merchant, Foot of bridge
Teasdel, Samuel, painter, plumber, and glazier, 60, Southtown road
Thacker, James, corn porter to Mr. Watling, Southtown
Theobald, Benjamin, boot and shoe maker, Gaol street
Theobald, Benjamin, leather dealer and shoemaker, 2, Russell square
Theobald, John, boot and shoe maker, and leather merchant, Row 123
Theobald, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Row 122
Thompson, Benjamin, auctioneer, King street
Thompson, James Thomas, builder, Regent road
Thompson, Margaret, plumber and glazier, Gaol street
Thompson, Henry, shopkeeper, Gaol str.
Thorndick, Thirza, stationer, Market row
Thorndick, Mrs., lodging house, 5, Somerset place
Thorpe, William, draper, King street
Timber, Samuel P., grocer and tea dealer, Gaol street
Titlow, Patience, lodging house, 18, Trafalgar place
Todd, Robert, shoemaker, Priory place
Todd, Robert, grocer and baker, North end
Tomlinson, Joseph, brewer, maltster, wine and spirit merchant, Howard
street
Tooley, Elizabeth, miller and flour seller, Church square
Townsend, George, draper, &c., Row 108
Townsend, William John, officer of Inland Revenue, 16, Southtown road
Tricker, James, hair dresser, South street
Tricker, John, fruiterer, Jetty road
Trip, William, White Swan, North quay
Trip, William, shoemaker, Church square
Tryer, Christopher, Lord Nelson, North quay
Tuck and Son, plumbers and glaziers, Fuller’s hill
Tunbridge, Richard, tallow chandler, Market-gates
Tyrrell, Charles, builder, lodging house, 54, Wiltshire place
Turner, Hannah, White Hart, Church square
Turner, Mary, umbrella and parasol maker, Market row
Tuttle, William, commission agent, Regent road
Tyrrell and Read, bricklayers, 6, Queen’s place
Utting, Le Neave, paper hanger, &c., Gaol street
Valients, Charles, cooper, South street
Veale, Henry John, confectioner, King street
Vince, Joseph, boot and shoe maker, 2, Ely place
Vince, Joseph, shoemaker, Church square
Vones, William, physician, 7, St. George’s terrace
Walker, John, St. George’s tavern, King street
Walker, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Walker, Thomas James, the Feathers, Market gates
Wallow, William, Wool Pack, Laughing Image corner, North quay
Waller, George, upholsterer, George str.
Waller, George, Homœopathic dispensary, King street
Walpole, William, druggist, agent to the Monarch Fire and Life Assurance
and Marine and General Travellers’ Insurance Society, White Lion opening,
King street
Walsh, John, seedsman, Regent road
Walsh, John, hatter, Howard street
Walton, James, tea dealer, Market-place
Wangler, William, watch and clock maker, South Market road
Ward, Charles, master mariner, 4, Somerset place
Ward, Charles, master mariner, 5, Ely place
Warnes, Mary, general shopkeeper, St. Nicholas’ road
Warren, Eliza, gentlemen’s shirt maker, Howard street
Waters, Tabitha, Three Hands, South quay
Waters, James Denew, solicitor, Hogg hill; h 8, Brandon terrace,
Wellington Pier
Watts, Robert, King’s Head, King street
Watson, Charles, grocer and tea dealer, George street
Watson, George, game dealer, Fuller’s hill
Watson, Robert, Wrestlers’ inn, Church square
Watson, Richard, the Bull, Market-place
Watson, Joseph, broker, Charlotte street
Watson, James, shopkeeper, Gaol street
Watson, Mrs., midwife, the Conge
Weeds, Francis James, tailor, Monument road
Welch, Alfred, wholesale stationer, King street
Wells, James, pawnbroker, King street
Wells, Thomas, Ropemakers’ Arms, Charlotte street
Wells, George, seaman, South street
West, Thomas, shipowner, Howard street
West, John Davey, coach builder, Market road
West, Harriet, lodging house, 2, South-beach road
Weston, Miss, lodging house, 2, North beach terrace
Westrup, William, commission agent, Regent road
Whisker, John, marine store dealer, George street
Whitbread and Co., Southtown; brewery, Chiswell street, London; agent,
James Allen
White, Richard, surgeon dentist, Back of wall; attendance on Thursdays
White, Peter, boot and shoe maker, White Horse plain
White, Mary, dress-maker, Church square
White, Anthony, general dealer, Broad row
White, Henry, baker, Row 143
Whittleton, George, grocer, &c., North end
Wigg, William, Half Moon, Market-place
Wilkins, James, lodging house, 8, Bath place
Williams, Charles, hat and cap maker, Market row
Wilshack, Harris, Crow tavern, Monument road
Wilson, Henry, commission agent, Southtown road
Wilson, Henry, corn merchant and commission agent, foot of Bridge
Wincup, Philip, Gallon Can, South quay
Winter, Ann, butcher, Market-place
Winter, Cornelius J. W., artist, Regent rd.
Winter, John, sailor, 2, Leicester terrace, Victoria road
Winter, Matthew, Norfolk Hotel, North beach
Withers, Joseph, whitesmith, Row 90
Woden, Thomas, Unicorn, South quay
Woden, Rachel, Gallon Pot, Gaol str.
Woodrow, Edmund, baker and confectioner, King street
Woodrow, Neville F., grocer and tea-dealer, Gaol street
Woodhouse, Charles James, plumber and glazier, Queen street
Woodhouse, James, painter, Theatre plain
Woods, Jemima, flour seller, North end
Woods, Thomas, Unicorn, South quay
Woods, George, Odd Fellows’ inn, Gaol street
Woods, John, collector to Gas Company, Bath place
Woodyard, James, carpenter and joiner, 9, Providence place
Woolnough, James, mail contractor, St. George’s road
Woolsey, Mary, milliner and straw bonnet maker, King street
Woolsey, Louisa, milliner and straw bonnet maker, South market row
Woolsey, Miss, boarding school, North quay
Woolvern, Charles, shopkeeper, George street
Wolverton, Charles, plumber, glazier, and painter, South quay
Woolverton, James, fish merchant, King street
Woomenger, Samuel, eating house, Charlotte street
Worledge, William, baker, East Nettle hill, near Battery
Worship, William, solicitor, Regent street
Wrackham, Sarah, milliner, Fuller’s hill
Wright, Henry, lodging house, 2, Kent place
Wright, Joseph, pork butcher, Howard street
Wright, James, boot maker, King street
Wright, Mrs., milliner, &c., Row 130
Wright, Richard, shoe maker, Gaol street
Wright, Robert, grocer, King street
Wright, Richard, boot and shoe manufacturer, wholesale and retail, Church
square
Wright, Thomas, dyer, King street
Wright, William, shopkeeper, Charlotte street
Wright, William, architect, surveyor and builder, North end
Wright, William, the Horse and Groom, North end
Yaxley, Robert, fish merchant, 9, Norfolk terrace
Yaxley, William, fish merchant, Market place
Youell and Co., nursery and seedsman, Market-place
Youell, Elizabeth, ironmonger, Broad row
Youell, Henry, florist, North end
Youell, John, bankers’ clerk, White Horse plain
Youels, Messrs. and Co., nurserymen, North end
Younghusband, Mrs., lodging house, 4, Kent place
Youngs, Joseph, Golden Lion, George street
Young, Mrs. M. A., lodging house, 2, Bath place

                                * * * * *



Post-Office.


David Hogarth, postmaster, Hall quay.  Money orders are granted and paid
from 9 a.m. till 5 p.m.  London day mail dispatched at a quarter to 6
a.m.  All letters, with stamps, put into the box after 10 p.m. and before
half-past 5 a.m., will go the same morning.  First Norwich mail
dispatched at 20 minutes past 3 p.m.; box closed at 3 p.m.  Suffolk and
Essex bags dispatched at half-past 5 p. m.; box closed at 5 p.m.  London
mail, with second Norwich bag, dispatched at 9 p.m.; box closed at
half-past 8 p.m.  All letters must have an extra stamp if intended to go
after the box is closed.  London mail, with first Norwich bag, arrives at
thirty-eight minutes past 3 a.m.  Letters ready for delivery in the
summer months at 7 a.m., in winter at half-past 7 a.m.  Suffolk and Essex
mails arrive at 8 a.m., and not delivered with the London.  Second
Norwich mail arrives at 10 a.m., ready for delivery at quarter past 10
a.m.  London day mail with the third Norwich bag, arrives at half-past 5
p.m., delivered at 6 p.m.  No letters received, or attention given at the
window for 10 minutes before the dispatch of any mail.  Office closed on
Sundays after 10 a.m.  Branch offices, Fuller’s hill and White Lion
opening.



Bankers.


East of England, Regent street—draw on London and Westminster Bank.
Gurneys, Turner, and Brightwen, Quay—draw on Barclay and Co., London.
Lacon, Sir Edmund Knowles, Bart., Quay—draw on Glynn, Mills, and Co.,
London.
National Provincial Bank of England, Quay—draw on London Joint Stock
Bank.



Public Establishments.


Custom House, South quay.  Inland Revenue office, Hall square.  County
Court office, Regent street.  Yarmouth Military Lunatic Asylum, South
denes.  Royal Hospital, Chapel Mount.  Fisherman’s Almhouses, Church
street.  Stamp Office, Regent street.  Gas Works, South quay.  Town Hall,
South quay.  Haven and Pier office, South quay.  Armory, Southtown.
Ballast office, South quay.  Borough Gaol and Bridewell, Gaol street.
Commercial Club House and Corn Exchange, quay.  Met. Farm office, quay.
Corn Meter’s office, quay.  Port Dues office, quay.  Police office, Town
hall.  Trinity store department, South quay.  Workhouse, North end.
Commercial Reading Rooms, King street.  Private Subscription Reading and
Billiard Rooms, King street.  Public Library, South quay.  Young Men’s
Institute, Hall quay.  Bible and Tract Society Depôt, 72, Hall square.
Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge Depôt, Regent street.



Places of Worship.


St. Nicholas’ Church, Rev. G. Hills, M.A.  St. Peter’s Church, Rev. B.
Vaux, M.A., incumbent.  St. George’s Chapel of Ease, Rev. M. Waters.  St.
Andrew’s Church, Gorleston, Rev. F. Upjohn, rector.  St. Mary’s Church,
Southtown, Rev. F. Salt, vicar.  Baptist Chapel (General), 85 Row.
Baptist (Particular), 15 Row.  Catholic Chapel, Regent road.  Friends’
Meeting House, 60 Row.  Independent Chapel, Gaol street.  Independent
Chapel, King street.  Independent Chapel, Gorleston.  Jews’ Synagogue, 42
Row.  Lady Huntingdon’s, Market-gates.  Mariner’s Chapel, South quay.
Methodist’s New Connexion Chapel, King street.  Primitive Methodist
Chapel, Priory lane.  Primitive Methodist Chapel, Southtown.  Unitarian
Chapel, Gaol street.  Wesley an Chapel, Regent road.  Wesleyan Chapel,
Gorleston.




LOWESTOFT.


Lowestoft is a market town, sea-port, railway station, packet station,
and the seat of an extensive fishery, 136¾ miles from London, 9 S. of
Yarmouth, 23¼ S.E. of Norwich, and 10 E. of Beccles.  It stands upon the
most easterly point of land in England, on a lofty eminence, commanding
an extensive view of the German Ocean.  The principal street is about a
mile in length; it is well paved, and lighted with gas.  The declivity of
the cliff is unperceived through hanging gardens, or terraces covered
with plantations, and between these and the sea is a tract of land,
locally denominated the Denes, on which is an extensive line of
buildings, appropriated to the curing of fish.

Lowestoft is much frequented as a sea-bathing place, having bathing
machines, warm baths, and the shore being composed of a hard, firm sand,
intermixed with shingle.  There is a theatre, an assembly room, a public
library, a mechanics’ institute, and gas works.  The Mutford and
Lothingland General Dispensary and Infirmary is in Lowestoft.  The market
is on Wednesday; and annual fairs are held on May 13th and October 11th,
for small wares.  The chief source of commerce is the herring fishery,
which begins about a fortnight before Michaelmas, and lasts till
Martinmas.  Before the commencement of the herring season, many of the
fishermen are employed in the mackarel fishery.  The manufactures consist
of rope, twine, oilcake, sail-making, boat-building, and ship-building;
and there are oil and flour mills.  This town being part of the ancient
demesne of the Crown, the inhabitants are exempted from serving on
juries, either at the assizes or sessions.  Petty sessions are held every
Monday at the Crown Inn, every alternate quarter.

The church, dedicated to St. Margaret, is situated westward of the town,
which is much admired for its antiquity and beauty.  The height of the
tower, including that of the steeple, is 145 feet.  The living, a
vicarage, valued at £350 per annum, is in the patronage of the Bishop of
Norwich, and incumbency of the Rev. Francis Cunningham, M.A., vicar.  A
chapel of ease, dedicated to St. Peter, was built near the old market a
few years back, partly by subscription, the sale of pews, and assisted by
the Society for Building and Enlarging Churches.  St. John’s school-room
(licensed by the Bishop for divine service) stands on the south side of
the harbour.  The church of St. John, erected in 1854–5–6, is a handsome
structure, opened in 1856, which stands near the Royal Hotel.  Here are
two foundation schools, Annott’s and Wilde’s; a British school, a free
school, and an infant school; and Sunday schools belonging to the church
establishment, and every denomination of Dissenters, with chapels.  There
are a vast number of ancient charities here, and one established a few
years since—namely, six almshouses, built for six of the poorest master
fishermen of Lowestoft, and who partake of the charities alluded to
above.

The Eastern Counties’ Railway Company have a handsome station here, close
to the harbour.  The progress of this place, since the formation of the
harbour, has been very rapid; from a dull fishing station, it has become
a thriving little town.  Its advantages as a packet station have induced
the formation of the Northern Steam Packet Company, for the communication
with Denmark, Sweden, and Norway.  The harbour is formed by two piers,
one on the north, 430 yards in length—that on the south, 400 yards; at
the centre of the extremity of each pier is a lighthouse, showing a red
light, from sunset to sunrise.  The south pier is defended by a parapet,
and boarded for a promenade.  Both piers are formed by massive timbers,
braced together longitudinally, and filled with blocks of stone; the
outer surface is faced with dressed masonry.  The inner harbour consists
of a piece of water, two miles in length, which communicates with the
river Waveney, by which merchandise can be conveyed to Beccles and
Norwich, of which Lowestoft is the outport.  Lowestoft is now an
independent port, and a custom-house has been established.  To the
coasting trade as a harbour of refuge it has been of the greatest
benefit; many lives and much property have been saved which otherwise
would have been swallowed up in the waters of the German Ocean.
Contiguous to the harbour and railway a new town is springing up.  The
Royal Hotel is quite metropolitan in its size and apartments; the
Esplanade and the Marine Parade, are fitted for families of distinction;
many houses are retained by county families for summer occupation.  The
Esplanade and the south pier, which it joins, form a promenade unequalled
in extent and beauty on the eastern coast.  On a point of land, a little
to the north of the town, is the upper lighthouse, a circular tower,
erected in 1676, and partly rebuilt by order of the Brethren of the
Trinity-house in 1778; and on which is a frame of wood which can be
removed at pleasure to meet the changes which are continually occurring
in the situation of the sands.

                                * * * * *

Branch Provincial Bank of England, Joseph L. Porter, manager, Quay.  Draw
on London Joint Stock.
Crown Branch Bank, Harveys and Hudsons, South Quay, Mr. William B.
Youngman, manager.
Gurneys Turner, and Brightwell, Yarmouth and Suffolk Bank, High street,
Mr. William Woods, manager.
Children’s Hospital, John William Hewke, master, Charlotte Goffin,
Mistress.
Custom House, South Quay, John Richardson, Esq., collector, Thomas Avery,
Esq., comptroller.
Fisherman’s Hospital, Market-place.
Gas Company’s Office, King street, William Henry Willis, manager.
Gas House and Works, Beach, James Betts, foreman.
Harbour Office, Mr. Francis Echalaz, harbour master and general
superintendent.
Harbour Company’s Tugs, Imperial, Mr. Samuel Marjoram, master.
National and Provincial Bank of England, Mr. J. B. Bowden, manager.  Draw
on London Joint Stock.
Public Library, South Quay, Mr. David Duffield Offord, Librarian.
St. Margaret’s Church, Rev. F. Cunningham, vicar.
St. John’s Church, in Kirtley, incumbent, Rev. M. H. Beaumont.
Steam Navigation Works, Mr. William Martin, managing engineer, Mr. Edward
Codham, cashier.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Ashley, Mr. Francis, Royal Esplanade
Astell, Miss Eliza, 48, Marine parade
Balls, Mr. James, High street
Balls, Mrs. Mary, Duke street
Barber, Mr. James, Duke street
Beaumont, Rev. Matthias H., Marine Parade
Bexfield, Mrs. Isabella, London road
Breame, Capt. James, 26, Marine Parade
Briggs, the Misses, London road
Brown, Rev. James, Wesleyan minister, Crown street
Bugg, Mr. George, St. Peter’s road
Carriage, John, Esq., Royal Esplanade
Chambers, Mr. William H., Marine Parade
Clark, Mrs. Elizabeth P., London road
Clarke, Miss Elizabeth S., Marine Parade
Clements, Mr. John H., Marine Parade
Cole, Mr. Richard, White Horse street
Collins, Mr. George, Denmark road
Cootes, Mrs. Ann, Nelson street
Cootes, Edward, Esq., London road
Crowe, Miss Eliza, London road
Cunningham, Rev. Francis, M.A., vicar and rural dean, vicarage house,
High st.
Cutler, Miss Mary, Marine Parade
Delf, Mr. Robert, London road
Deverne, Thomas, Esq., Boston lodge
Dewing, Edward, Esq., Royal Esplanade
Disney, Mr. Henry, Beach
Doughton, the Misses, High street
Dovey, Rev. J., Baptist minister
Ducker, Mr. Francis W., Duke street
File, Mrs. Sophia, London road
Garwood, Miss Margaret, High street
Gowing, Mr. Stephen, Prospect cottage
Green, Mr. James, Crown street
Grickson, Mr. William, London road
Harmstone, Mr. Henry, Denmark road
Hilling, Mr. James, London road
Hockley, Mr. John B., London road
Howard, Mr. Samuel, High street
Hubart, Miss Hannah, High street
Jackson, William, Esq., Marine Parade
Jeckell, Mrs. Hannah, High street
Lees, Henry, Esq., Royal Esplanade
Lincoln, Mrs. Catherine R., High street
Lucas, Thomas, Esq., Royal Esplanade
Martin, Mrs. Fanny, London road
Masterson, the Misses, High street
Matcham, Dr. Alfred, London road
More, Mr. John, Denmark road
More, Rev. H., Independent minister
Nelson, Mr. William, Marine Parade
Norton, Edmund, Esq., London road
Olley, Miss Susan, Old Market plain
Parkinson, Rev. Richard, High street
Parr, Samuel, Esq., Royal Esplanade
Payne, Mr. Thomas, London road
Peto, James, Esq., Royal Esplanade
Pratt, Mr. Ebenezer, St. Peter’s road
Pratt, Mr. William, London road
Ray, Mr. T., London road
Reeve, R. H., Esq., Esplanade
Reeve, Mrs. L., High street
Robertson, Mr. John, Marine Parade
Rodgers, Rev. Edward, curate, High street
Rump, Miss Elizabeth, Royal Esplanade
Scarll, Mrs., London road
Self, Mr. Thomas, London road
Smith, Mrs. Mary, Denmark road
Spark, Miss Hannah, Nelson street
Staff, Mrs. Ann, London road
Sterry, Mr. John, High street
Thompson, the Misses, London road
Trery, Mr. William, Marine Parade
Walton, Mrs. Ellen, Marine Parade
Watson, Mr. William, Denmark road
Webb, William, Esq., Royal Esplanade
Wellum, Mr. William, Commercial road
Wheals, Mr. Charles, Marine Parade
Woods, Mr. Henry, Rose Cottage
Woods, Mr. Jecks, London road



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abbott, Edward, tailor, draper, and hatter, High street
Abbott, Samuel F., stationer, printer, grocer, and dealer in Berlin wool,
High street
Able, John W., cabinet-maker and upholsterer, High street
Adams, Adam, grocer and teadealer, agent to Observer Life Assurance
Society, Crown street
Adams, Mrs. Ann, confectioner, High street
Adderton, Abraham, china and glass merchant, London road
Albrow, Jeremiah, Fisherman’s Arms, South quay
Alexander, William, hairdresser, Commercial road
Allan, George, builder and stone merchant, Marine Parade
Allen, George, stone merchant, mason, and builder, South Quay
Allen, John, porter rooms, London road
Allen, William, haberdasher and dealer in Berlin wool, Commercial road
Allerton, Thomas, fish merchant, London road
Allum, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Nelson street
Archer, Robert John, pilot, London road
Archer, William R., solicitor, Prairie, London road
Armes, William, beer house, Beach
Artiss, Alfred, manager of the Electric and International Telegraph
company
Baker, George, boot and shoe maker, Commercial road
Balls, Brothers, cabinet-makers and upholsterers and general mart, Chapel
street
Balls, James, deputy harbour-master
Balls, Phœbe, carrier, St. Peter’s street
Balls and Son, stone and marble masons, London road
Balls, Thomas, fish salesman, fishing salt, and agent for trawl nets and
twines, auctioneer and valuer, commission merchant and smack agent,
Raglan street
Balls, William Thomas, County court bailiff, auctioneer, valuer, and
estate agent, Chapel street
Baney, William, carpenter, Mariners’ lane
Barber, John, cooper and fish merchant, Duke’s Head street
Barber, Samuel, victualler, First and Last tavern, Infirmary square
Barnard, Charles, butcher, High street
Barnard, William Vincent, conveyancer and agent for Lacons, Youell and
Co., bankers, and to the County Fire and Life Office, and Law Union
Baines, Sarah, blacksmith, St. Peter’s street
Barratt, John, sexton, White Hart street
Barrett, Charlotte, plumber, glazier, and painter, London road
Bean, George, house agent, Marine Parade
Beckett, James, butcher, Chapel street
Bemment, Charles, Beer House, Tonning street
Bennett, William, baker, Old Market-plain
Benstead, Robert, Three Herrings, High street
Beecroft, Mrs. Eliza, butcher, High street
Bird, A. H., carver and gilder, Duke str.
Bishop, John P., brazier, Duke street
Bloomfield, Isaac S., silversmith and jeweller, High street
Blyth, Abel, ropemaker, St. Peter’s road
Blyth, John T., boot and shoe maker, High street
Boor, Thomas, fruiterer, London road
Bowden, J. B., manager of the National and Provincial Bank
Bracey, Samuel, builder, Fly’s close
Bradbeer, Benjamin M., fish salesman, sail maker, general ship chandler,
stationer, tobacconist, sub-postman, auctioneer and valuer, flag
manufacturer to the Royal Yacht Club, agent for Stewart’s patent Scotch
and cotton nets, and to the Westminster Fire Office, Commercial road
Brame, Samuel S., surgeon, London road
Breame and Son, merchants, ship and commission agents, South Quay
Breeze, Frederick, hairdresser, High str.
Brett, William, fruiterer, Tonning street
Brewster, Robert, builder and town surveyor, High street
Bright, John, Ship inn, High street
Brock, Benjamin, tailor and draper, Tonning street
Brown, James, coke burner, Denmark road
Brown, Robert, grocer and organist, High street
Browne, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Chapel street
Brunning, John, gardener, London road
Bullard, Richard, maltster, High street
Bunn, James, tailor, Dove street
Burrows, John, Duke’s Head, Duke street
Burton, Clement, butcher, High street
Burton, John, farmer, Infirmary plain
Burwood, James, Rising Sun, Beach
Butcher, John, fish merchant, London road
Butcher, Samuel, shopkeeper, South Quay
Butcher, William, tailor and draper, High street
Cannell, James, blacksmith, Gun lane
Cannell, Samuel, blacksmith, Duke street
Capps, Elizabeth, beer house, Beach
Capps, James, shopkeeper, Beach
Carr, John, saddler and harness-maker, Crown street
Carron, James, cabinet-maker, Old Market-plain
Castleton, John, shopkeeper, Mariners’ lane
Catchpole, William, seaman, Tonning str.
Chambers, Samuel, hairdresser, High str.
Chandler, Thomas C., general agent, High street
Chapman, George, Compasses, Compasses’ lane
Chapman, Joseph, schoolmaster, Nelson street
Chaston, Robert, chemist, High street
Chipperfield, Edward, confectioner, &c., High street
Chipperfield, Thomas, butcher, High str.
Church, William, Herring Fishery, High street
Clarke, John, baker, Duke street
Clarke, Robert, Suffolk inn, near the railway terminus
Clarke, Cephas William, tin and zinc plate worker
Clarke and Hunter, upholsterers and cabinet-makers, London road
Clements, Shadrach, shoemaker, High str.
Cleveland, Charles, corn chandler, Crown street
Cleveland, George, surgeon, High street
Cockle, John, British Queen Steam Packet, Dove street
Collins, Robert, shopkeeper, Chapel street
Colman, Joseph, lodgings, 2 & 3, Marine Parade
Colman and Stacey, booksellers, stationers, music sellers, and publishers
of the Lowestoft Advertiser, High street
Cook, Elizabeth, baker, High street
Cook, James W., mariner, Duke street
Cook, Samuel L., confectioner, High str.
Cook, Samuel, baker, High street
Cook, William, mariner, Crown street
Cooper, Alfred, harbour police-constable
Cooper, James, blacksmith, Crown street
Cooper, James, blacksmith, South Quay
Cooper, John Robert, confectioner, High street
Cooper, Lewis, bread and biscuit baker, confectioner, &c., Mariners’ lane
Corduy, Charles, paper hanger, Denmark road
Cornaby, Thomas, cordwainer, White Horse street
Cotterell, James, soap and candle warehouse, Factory street
Cowling, John, shopkeeper, Chapel street
Cox, Adelaide, shopkeeper, Duke street
Cox, George, Railway Tavern, High str.
Cox, William, Engineers’ tavern, Denmark road
Crake, Ambrose, watchmaker, Duke street
Crake, Edmund F., junr., watch and clock maker, jeweller, optician,
stationer, umbrella and parasol manufacturer, &c., High street
Crickmay, Lincoln, butcher, Commercial road
Crisp, George S., bookseller, &c., High street
Crisp, Thomas, herring curer, Beach
Crowe, Thomas, bookseller, stationer, and printer, Berlin wool and fancy
repository, High street
Culley, Charles, Princess Royal, Beach
Cunningham, William, Eagle tavern, Tonning street
Curtis, Elizabeth, grocer, &c., High street
Curtis, James, grocer and druggist, High street
Dance, Thomas, pilot, London road
Darby, William, Brewers’ Arms, South Quay
Davy, Stephen, New Market inn, Compasses lane
Day, John, shopkeeper, New Nelson str.
Day, John, Globe inn, High street
Dennis, Martin, dispensing and family chemist, High street
Dent, Matthew, shoemaker, High street
Devereux, James Thomas, grocer and tea dealer, High street
Devereux, John, grocer and tea dealer, High street
Dillon, John, bookseller and stationer, London road
Dowling, George, surveyor, London road
Dowling, George, land agent, Nelson str.
Downing, Mary Ann, milliner and straw bonnet maker, High street
Downing, William, boot and shoe maker, High street
Dowson, H., Ferryman’s Arms, Mariners’ lane
Durrant, George, fruiterer, London road
Durrant, William, seedsman, London road
Dye, John, watch and clock maker, High street
Ebbs, Samuel, confectioner, High street
Echalaz, Francis, Grove house, London road
Edmonds, Benjamin M., chemist, High street
Edmonds, John, shoemaker, High street
Edwards, Mary Ann, day school, St. Peter’s road
Emms, Ellen, hair dresser and perfumer, High street
Emms, Jewitt D., flour seller and shopkeeper, Tonning street
Everett, John, butcher, High street
Farrett, William B., chemist and druggist, High street
Farrow, Matthew, mariner, Nelson street
Few, James, drapery and millinery establishment, High street
Fisher, Edward, hairdresser, High street
Fisher, James W., eating house, Commercial road
Fisk, James, boot and shoe maker, Chapel street
Fiske, James, shoemaker, Infirmary plain
Flaxman, Sarah Ann, Blue Anchor tavern, High street
Foreman, James A., clerk of fishmarket
Foreman, John, fancy repository, High street
Foreman, John, brazier and gas fitter, High street
Foreman, John, cooper, Beach
Fuller and Son, drapers, High street
Fulcher, William, shoemaker, Mariners’ lane
Furniss, Maria, lodgings, 17, Marine Parade
Fysh, Nathaniel, grocer and draper, Raglan street
Gamble, Thomas, butcher, High street
Garrod, William, tailor, Sterry buildings, Infirmary plain
Gaul, George, rope maker, Rose place
Garwood, Robert, beer seller, White Horse street
Gay, Samuel, baker and confectioner, Alma street
George, Henry N., tailor, Battery green
George, Johnson, draper, High street
Glover, George, architect and surveyor, Marine Parade
Glover, George, architect and surveyor, agent to Norwich Equitable Fire
office, estate and house agent, Station corner, Denmark road
Goffin, Francis, carpenter, Duke street
Goffin, Louisa, milliner and dressmaker, Duke street
Goffing, James, wheelwright, St. Peter’s street
Golder, Michael, tailor, woollen draper, and hatter, High street
Gowing, Augustus E., custom house officer, St. Peter’s street
Gowing and Balls, licensed fish salesmen, agents for Scotch cotton nets,
and Towler and Mc Collins’ patent fishing boat capstan, Harbour
Gowing, James J. W., fish merchant, rope maker and twine spinner, High
street
Gowing, Sons, and Rounce, ship and custom house agents, Commercial road
Greathead, James T., school, South end
Green, William, Fox and Hounds, London road
Hall, Isaac, shopkeeper and beer-house, Beach
Hambley, James, superintendent of harbour works
Hannah, John, cabinet maker, bonnet and toy warehouse, High street
Harding, James, blacksmith, Duke street
Harper, Phœbe, shopkeeper, St. Peter’s street
Hart, John, blacksmith, South Quay
Harvey, Saunders, veterinary surgeon, White Horse street
Harvey, Stephen S., veterinary surgeon, Chapel street
Haase and Warman, corn factors and foreign commission merchants, South
Quay
Hill, Alfred, schoolmaster, High street
Hindle and Pearce, eating house, Commercial road
Hogg, William Johnson, cabinet maker, High street
Holbrook, Robert, King’s Head, Mariner’s lane
Housten, William A., hair cutter, High street
Howard, Samuel Robert, butcher, London road
Howett, Samuel, Harbour inn, Harbour
Howett, Samuel, Royal hotel, Marine Esplanade
Hubbard, John, marine store dealer, St. Peter’s road
Isaac, Joseph, carpenter, High street
Jackson, Sarah, dressmaker and tailoress, Sterry buildings, Infirmary
plain
Jarvis, David, Pier gate keeper
Jeffery, Edward, surgeon, Denmark road
Joachim, Lieut. Richard, R.N., London road
Johnson, Robert, timber, deal, coal, and hop merchant, agent for London
and Lowestoft traders, Commercial road
Johnson, Samuel, tax collector, High street
Johnson, William, sailors’ missionary, Commercial road
Kersy, Francis, confectioner, London road
Kersy, George, baker, Beach
King, George, shopkeeper, Nelson street
King, William, beer house, Beach
Knight, Susan, eating house, Commercial road
Lark, James, clothier, High street
Lee, Robert, merchant, Parade, London road
Leely, Robert, bellman and smallware dealer
Lemon, Frederic, pork butcher, Benham’s buildings, Infirmary plain
Levy, Alkini, fishmonger, High street
Ling, Jeremiah, shopkeeper, Beach
Ling, Job, sen., boot and shoe maker, St. Peter’s road
Ling, Job, boot and shoe maker, Duke street
Ling, John Watson, plumber, glazier, painter, and gas fitter, High street
Ling, Robert B., draper, High street
Littteproud, John, lodging house, London road
Littlewood, Marmaduke, trinity pilot, Parade, London road
Loveday, Sarah, fruiterer, Duke street
Lovick, William, ale and porter merchant, Duke street
Lovick, William, porter and ale stores, London road
Lubbock, John, ship builder, Commercial road
Lucas Brothers, builders and contractors
Major, William, basket maker, High street
Malboro, George, office clerk, Denmark road
Mallett, Samuel, Mariners, Mariners’ lane
Manning, John, wheelwright, St. Peter’s street
Marsh, Joseph, linen draper, &c., London road
Martin, John, butcher, High street
Martin, William, engineer, Denmark road
Matthews, Sarah, dress maker, Denmark road
Mayhew, John, Crown and Queen’s Head hotel, High street
Mayhew, Matilda, milliner and dress maker, High street
Mellish, Sidney, mariner, St. Peter’s road
Mercer, James, fish salesman, Denmark road
Millett, James, harness maker, Benham’s buildings, Infirmary plain
Mitchell, Thomas, tailor and woollen draper, agent to the Yorkshire Life
and Fire Assurance office, High street
Moor, Edmund, carpenter, High street
Moore, John, shopkeeper, Mariners’ lane
Morris, Robert, dispensing and family chemist, stamp office, High street
Morse, Frederic, brewer, Nelson street
Morse and Woods, brewers, wine and spirit merchants, Crown street
Morter, Thomas, tailor, London road
Muff, William, pastry cook and confectioner, tea, coffee, and dining
rooms, Denmark road
Munday, Henry, shopkeeper, Dove street
Murrell, John, grocer and tea dealer, Denmark road
Murrell, Joseph, fish dealer, Commercial road
Nash, James E., fish merchant and smack owner, Nelson street
Nash, Samuel, fish merchant, Nelson str.
Nash, Samuel, fish office, Beach
Naylor, Thomas, watch and clock maker, High street
Newson, Hobart, parish clerk, High street
Newson, William, Bowling Green, Crown street
Nichols, Charles, draper, High street
Nicholls, William J., boot and shoe maker, Chapel street
Nobbs, William, Norwich Arms, High street
Norton, James, new and second-hand clothes dealer and furniture broker,
Mariners’ lane
Norton and Reeve, solicitors, agents to Sun Fire and Life Assurance
office, and County Court office, High street
Nursey, John, butcher, Mariners’ lane
Orchard, Jonathan, boiler maker, Prairie, London road
Oulton, James, carter, Crown street
Palmer, Benjamin, builder, Denmark road
Palmer, William B., house agent, auctioneer, and shopkeeper, St. Peter’s
road
Parker, George, cabinet maker and builder, Crown street
Parkinson, John, bookseller and stationer, London road
Payne, Maria, shopkeeper, High street
Peek, William, cooper, Denmark road
Peek, William, cooper, Factory street
Pierson, Benjamin Alfred, leather merchant, Mariners’ lane
Peters, John, baths and refreshment rooms, Beach
Pile, Keziah, boot and shoe warehouse, High street
Pocock, Maria, establishment for young ladies, Marine Parade
Podd, William, bricklayer and plasterer, Tonning street
Porter, John, shoemaker, Old Market pln.
Porter, John, shoemaker, High street
Powell, William, baker and grocer, Commercial road
Prentice, John, surgeon, High street
Pratt, Thomas, Post office, High street
Precious, Robert, ironmonger, High str.
Pritty, Samuel, chimney sweeper, Chapel street
Punchard, Charles, tailor and clothier, High street
Pye, Walter, beerhouse, Beach
Rabbinowitz, Alexander, tobacconist, London road
Rackett, Robert, postmaster, St. Peter’s street
Rackham, George, plumber, glazier, and painter, Duke street
Rackham, William, butcher, High street
Rampling, Richard, shoemaker, Chapel street
Ratcliffe, John, boot and shoe maker, Denmark road
Ratcliffe, William, coach builder, Crown street
Read, Henry John, eating house, High street
Redgrave, John, corn chandler, London road
Redgrave, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Crown street
Reed, William, shipwright, Commercial road
Reeve, Henry, solicitor, Royal Esplanade
Reynolds, James, Newcastle Arms, Denmark road
Rix, George, builder, Factory lane
Riches, Robert, milliner, &c., High str.
Roberts, John, pawnbroker, High street
Roberts, George, fishmonger, High street
Robertson, John, collector, Custom house
Roll, Robert, Maltsters’ inn, High street
Rose, William, Pilot Boat, High street
Rounce, John, ship chandler, Denmark road
Rouse, James, engineer, Prairie, London road
Rowe, John, shipwright, High street
Salter, John, seaman, High street
Salter, William, baker, Beach
Salter, William, draper, &c., High street
Sampson, William, custom house officer, Commercial road
Saunders, Joseph, shoemaker, Chapel street
Saunders, Richard, beerhouse, Beach
Sayer, Elizabeth, milliner, High street
Sayer, Robert, fish merchant, London road
Scarlett, Charles, porter stores, High street
Scarlett, Joseph, porter stores, Old Market plain
Scarll, John, Rose and Crown, Crown street
Seago, William R., solicitor, agent to the Norwich Union Fire Insurance,
Fishermen and Marine Society, and public notary, High street
Seppings, George, merchant, High street
Sharman, George, watch and clock maker, and beer seller, High street
Sharman, Samuel G., grocer and tea-dealer, High street
Shreeve, William, shopkeeper, New Nelson street
Skeet, John, shopkeeper, High street
Skoyles, Benjamin H., millinery and dress-making establishment, High str.
Skoyles and Co., iron founders and contractors, Dove street
Small, Thomas, general commission agent, London road
Smith, Ambrose, lath cutter, High street
Smith, Edward, shopkeeper, Beach
Smith, George, pork butcher, Chapel str.
Smith, John S., grocer and tea-dealer, High street
Smith, James, baker, Crown street
Smith, John, shopkeeper, Mariners’ lane
Smith, Robert, corn chandler, High street
Smith, Robert, provision merchant, High street
Smith, William, ginger beer manufacturer, Old Market plain
Smith, William, jeweller, London road
Smith, William, fish merchant, Denmark road
Snell and Hotson, coach builders, St. Peter’s road
Soons, Edwin, fruiterer and seedsman, High street
Sparham, Samuel, ship builder, Nelson street
Sparham, William, builder, Gun lane
Sparham, William, grocer and tea-dealer, Duke street
Spaull, William, relieving officer, High street
Stebbing, George, Crown and Anchor, High street
Stebbings, William, mariner, Battery green
Sterry, James, rate collector, High street
Suggate, Alfred, music seller, London road
Swatman, Thomas, builder, Beach
Tansley, Isaiah, Trinity pilot, Nelson str.
Taylor and Ling, solicitors, the Harbour
Thirtle, James P., furnishing ironmonger and bell hanger, High street
Thurlby, George, chemist and druggist, agent to Britannia Life and Royal
Fire Assurance Company, Commercial road
Tilmouth, Charles, collector, Harbour Dues office
Tilmouth, Bethel, sail maker, Gun lane
Tooke, William, basket maker, Old Market plain
Triggs, William, Odd Fellows’ tavern, St. Peter’s street
Tripp, George, beerhouse, Factory street
Tungate, Mary, shopkeeper, Crown street
Turner, Daniel, plumber and glazier, Chapel street
Turner, Henry, Lowestoft Arms, Denmark road
Tuttle, Henry, grocer and tea-dealer, High street
Utting, Robert, lodging house, Denmark road
Utting, Walter, laceman, hosier, and haberdasher, High street
Wales, William and John, grocers and tea-dealers, High street
Ward, Mary, lodgings, London road
Ward, Samuel L., St. Peter’s road
Ward, Horace, marine store dealer, Beach
Warnes, William, baker, Mariners’ lane
Waters, George, gardener and publican, High street
Watson, John, boot and shoe maker, High street
Webster, Hannah, lodging house, London road
Wellum, John, sail maker, Denmark road
West and Shove, ship chandlers, Commercial road
Wheals, Charles, tailor and hatter, Commercial road
Whincop, George, plumber, glazier, and painter, St. Peter’s street
Wicks, Samuel, baker, Mariners’ lane
Williams, Thomas, tailor, Denmark road
Wilton, William B., engineer to the Northern Steam Packet Company,
Harbour house
Winter, William, plumber, glazier, and painter, Rose place
Wiseman, William C., draper, High street
Wood, John, shoemaker, Duke street
Woods, William, manager of Gurneys’ bank
Woodcock, George, cordwainer, High street
Woods, William James, fish merchant, Denmark road
Woods, William, Trinity pilot, Nelson street
Worthington and Meadows, surgeons, High street
Worthington, William C., surgeon, London road
Wright, Richard, boot and shoe maker, London road
Yallop, James, Bee Hive, London road
Youngman, Henry, miller, &c., High street
Youngman, William, brewer, Rant score
Youngman, William, brewer, High street
Youngman, William, jun., maltster, ale and porter brewer, High street




BECCLES.


Beccles.  An ancient market town and polling place, on the borders of
Norfolk, 109 miles from London, 40 N.E. of Ipswich, 14 S.W. of Yarmouth,
and 5 E. of Bungay, in the hundred of Wangford, and Norwich bishopric.
The area is 1,952 acres, including marsh and common land; and the
population, in 1851, was 4,398.  It is situated on the river Waveney,
navigable for vessels of 100 tons burden to Yarmouth and Lowestoft, and
by which a considerable trade is carried on.  Here are breweries and iron
foundries.  The town is large and well built, consisting of several
streets, joining in a market-place; and is lighted with gas.  The market
is held on Friday.  Beccles is a polling-place for East Suffolk.  Quarter
sessions are held here for the Geldable district of Suffolk; the quarter
and petty sessions are holden in the Town Hall.

The church, dedicated to St. Michael, is in the Gothic style of
architecture, and stands in the New Market.  It was erected about 1369,
and consists of a nave, chancel, north and south aisles, north and south
porches, and tower.  The tower is considered a fine specimen of florid
Gothic, and presents a singular appearance from its being detached, and
placed a short distance from the south-eastern angle of the church.  It
was built about 1515, is 92 feet high, but unfinished, probably owing to
the dissolution of Bury Abbey, and contains a fine peal of 10 bells.  The
Rev. J. T. Johnston, B.A., is the present incumbent, and the Rev. C.
Langham is the curate.  The living is a rectory, value £370 per annum, in
the patronage of the Rev. E. Hollond, Benhall Lodge.  H. S. Farr, Esq.,
is lord of the manor.  There are chapels for Independents, Baptists,
Wesleyans, and Primitive Methodists.  The charity funds amount to £250 a
year.  Here is a House of Correction, which will hold 30 prisoners.  Also
National, British, and Infant Schools.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Ashford, William, Esq., Blyburgate street
Bardwell, Mrs. Sarah, Old Market
Bird, Mrs. Martha, Newgate street
Bruce, Mrs. Mary, New Market-place
Chaplin, Mr. Edward, Northgate street
Chenery, Mrs. Elizabeth, Smallgate street
Cox, Mrs. Elizabeth, New Market-place
Crisp, John, Esq., Old Market
Crowfoot, Miss Mary, Ballaygate street
Dashwood, Charles, Esq., New Market-place
Dashwood, Rev. Jarrard, Saltgate street
Drewell, Mr. Samuel, Smallgate street
Farr, Henry, Esq., Pudding moor
Ferrier, Mrs., Saltgate street
Fiddes, Miss Elizabeth, Old Market
Flower, Rev. John, New Market-place, Independent minister
Gilbert, Mrs. Anne, Smallgate street
Goffin, William, Newgate street
Gordon, John R., Esq., New Market-place
Grant, Miss Sarah, New Market-place
Hammond, Rev. James, M.A., New Market
Hartley, Rev. A. O., head master of grammar school, Ballaygate street
Howman, Miss L. Dorothy, Northgate street
Kent, Mrs. Susan, Ballaygate street
Langham, Rev. Charles John, B.A., curate, Saltgate street
Meen, Mr. James, Blyburgate street
Montague, Edward P., Esq., Northgate street
Newman, Mrs. Mary, Smallgate street
Parker, Mr. Thomas, Gillingham
Pedgrift, Mr. John, Northgate street
Peskett, Dr. George, Saltgate street
Talbot, Rev. John J., rector, Saltgate str.
Thompson, Miss Sophia, Sheepgate street
Woolner, Miss Charlotte, Exchange square
Worman, Mrs. Hannah, Pudding moor



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Aldous, John, upholsterer and cabinet-maker, New Market-place
Aldred, James, baker and confectioner, Northgate street
Aldred, John, grocer and draper, Northgate street
Allcock, William, junr., shoeing-smith, Smallgate street
Arnold, William, cabinet-maker and upholsterer, New Market-place
Ayres, Edward, watchmaker, Blyburgate st.
Bailey, George, the Falcon, New Market
Baldry, William, Bell inn, Smallgate str.
Barber, William, carpenter, Newgate str.
Barker, William K., ironmonger, New Market-place
Barkway, Charles, Dolphin, New Market-place
Barkway, Edward, Pickerel inn, Pudding moor
Barkway, Samuel, Red Lion, Blyburgate street
Bartram, Stephen, sawyer, Blyburgate street
Barwood, Richard, blacksmith, Northgate street
Beddingfield, Henry, Angel inn, Ballaygate street
Benns, Philip C., boot and shoe maker, Smallgate street
Bird, Benjamin, baker, Blyburgate street
Bird, John, confectioner, Ballaygate street
Blaxill, Elizabeth, dressmaker, Old Market
Blaxill, Samuel, tailor, Old Market
Block, Robert, wholesale and retail grocer and tea dealer, New
Market-place
Boast, George, builder, Smallgate street
Boatright, John, seedsman, New Market-place
Bobbitt, Charles, clerk, Commissioner of Taxes, agent to Suffolk Alliance
Fire and Life Office, Blyburgate street
Bohun and Rix, solicitors, General Insurance Office, collectors to
Beccles Waterworks Company, Ballaygate street
Borrett, Simon, porter shop, Sheepgate street
Boston, Henry, hairdresser, Old Market
Boyce, Henry, second master Fauconberg Grammar School, Ballaygate street
Brewer, James, saddler and harness maker, Sheepgate street
Brooks, John, agent to County Fire Office, Northgate street
Brown, Thomas, shoemaker, Blyburgate street
Buck, Edward, wool dealer and spirit merchant, Northgate street
Bullock, Robert, watch and clock maker, Exchange square
Burtsal, Robert A., grocer and tea dealer, New Market
Butler, John, tailor, Bridge street
Carr and Son, boot and shoe makers, New Market-place
Catchpole, John, Cross Keys, Sheepgate street
Cattermole, Harriet, bookseller and stationer, New Market
Chapman, Jeremiah, Marquis of Granby, Northgate street
Chenery, Sarah, grocer, &c., Sheepgate street
Cherry, T., boot and shoe maker, Blyburgate street
Claxton, Robert, bootmaker, Sheepgate street
Claxton, Sarah Ann, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Sheepgate street
Claxton, Thomas, tailor and draper, Northgate street
Clements, Joseph W., musician, Northgate street
Cleveland, James, veterinary surgeon, Blyburgate street
Cocks, William R., banker’s clerk, New Market-place
Collins, Barney, cooper, Ballaygate street
Collins, M and R., grocers and tea dealers, Smallgate street
Cooper, Catherine, shopkeeper, Smallgate street
Copeman, Robert, butcher, Blyburgate street
Copeman, John, shopkeeper, Blyburgate street
Copeman, Mrs. Hannah, butcher, Blyburgate street
Corbyn, Joseph B., chemist and druggist, agent for Westminster Life
Assurance Society, New Market
Cowles, William, junr., boarding school, Northgate street
Cowles, William, Northgate house Academy, Northgate street
Crawford, William, Ship inn, Bridge str.
Crickmay, John, post-office, agent to Yorkshire Fire and Life Assurance
Office, Smallgate street
Crickmore, James, Malsters’ Arms, Bridge street
Crisp, John, junr., malster, corn and coal merchant, Bridge street
Crisp, James, auctioneer, Smallgate str.
Crisp, Read, accountant, bookbinder, bookseller, stationer, printer,
general advertiser, jeweller, agent to Royal Exchange Life and Fire
office, fancy repository and toy warehouse, New Market
Crosby, William, shopkeeper, Blyburgate street
Crowfoot, William, E., surgeon, New Market-place
Cullen, Mrs., day and boarding school, New Market
Cullen, Richard, T., plumber and glazier, New Market
Custance, Mary, shopkeeper, Smallgate street
Cutting, William D., blacksmith, Old Market
Dale, Robert, gunmaker, New Market-place
Darby, Samuel, coal and timber merchant, Bridge street
Darby, Samuel, Hermitage inn, Bridge st.
Darkin, Robert, Crown and Anchor inn, Ballaygate street
Dashwood, Robert, surgeon, New Market-place
Davy, Henry W. R., surgeon, Old Market
Davy, John, plumber and glazier, Saltgate street
Dennant, Jeremiah, boot and shoemaker, Newgate street
Durrant, Richard, watch and clock maker and jeweller, New Market-place
Eastaugh, J. D. and G., corn and coal merchants, Corporation Wharf
Easter, John, gun and pistol maker, Smallgate street
Ecclestone, Harriet, confectioner, Sheepgate street
Edwards, Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, Newgate street
Edwards, Eliza, straw bonnet maker, Sheepgate street
Edwards George, boot and shoe maker, Sheepgate street
Edwards, George, pork butcher, Sheepgate street
Edwards, Noah, well sinker and pump maker, Newgate street
Everett, Edward, plumber, glazier, and painter, Sheepgate street
Farrow, Charles, wine and spirit merchant, brewer, &c., Blyburgate street
Feltham, William, boot and shoe maker, New Market-place
Fenn, George, limeburner, Pudding moor
Fiske, Edward B., assistant clerk to County Court, Ballaygate street
Fiske and Son, solicitors, agents to Atlas Fire and Life Insurance
office, and Equity and Law Life, Ballaygate str.
Flowers, James, greengrocer, Northgate street
Forman, Martha, shopkeeper, Newgate street
Francis, Letitia, straw bonnet maker, Northgate street
Francis, William, schoolmaster, Northgate street
Franklin, R. and W., saddlers and harness makers, Blyburgate street
Garnham, William W., draper, agent to Manchester Fire and Pelican Life
offices, Blyburgate street
Garrod, J. K. and W. H., tanners and curriers, Northgate street
Garrod, William H., currier, Sheepgate street
Gent, Charlotte, glass and china warehouse, Sheepgate street
Gilbert, Henry, coach builder, Sheepgate street
Goffin, George, shoemaker, Ballaygate str.
Goldsmith, Robert, Checquers inn, Smallgate street
Goldsmith, Thomas, bricklayer, Ingate road
Goodburne, Harriet, greengrocer, New Market-place
Gooderham, John, shopkeeper, Northgate street
Green, Isaac, boot and shoe maker, New Market
Green, James, corn chandler, New Market-place
Gurneys and Co., bankers, Bohun and Rix, agents, Ballaygate street, (draw
on Barclay and Co., London)
Hadingham, George, miller, corn and coal merchant, Bridge street
Haken, Henry, saddler and harness maker, New Market
Haldron, William, tailor, draper, and hatter, New Market-place
Halecock, William, senr., whitesmith, Sheepgate street
Harmer, Joseph, watch and clock maker, Old Market
Harper, William, ironfounder and agricultural implement maker, Sheepgate
street
Harper, William, ironfounder, Sheepgate street
Harvey, James, White Lion inn and posting house, Smallgate street
Hayward, Robert, cooper, Bridge street
Hellsdon, William, shopkeeper, Northgate street
Hickman, Rev. Charles, Independent minister, Hungate lane
Hindes, Edward, veterinary surgeon, Northgate street
Holland, Robert, Blyburgate street
Holmes, James, brewer, Fenn lane
Holmes, Thomas, shopkeeper, Bridge str.
Hook, Elizabeth, general fancy toy dealer, Smallgate street
Harding, Henry, farrier, &c., Sheepgate street
Horsley and Son, coach builders, Hungate street
Hoskin, William, timber merchant, Corporation Wharf, Old Market
Haward, Samuel, stonemason, Bridge street
Hunt, Ann, shopkeeper, New Market-place
Ingram, Benjamin, bricklayer, Smallgate street
Jarman, Robert, printer, Old Market
Jarmy, Philip, Fox and Hounds, Newgate street
Johnson, Caroline E., straw bonnet maker, Smallgate street
Jones, Garwood, watch and clock maker, Blyburgate street
Jordon, Robert, butcher, Ballaygate str.
Jordon, Robert, butcher, New Market-place
Kent, Joseph L., ironmonger, gas fitter, and oil and colourman, Sheepgate
str.
Kerrison, Henry S., draper, New Market
Kindred, John, agent for Mr. Farrow, wine and spirit merchant, Blyburgate
street
Knights, Ann, Berlin wool and fancy repository, Exchange square
Knights, George, baker, Northgate street
Knights, John, shopkeeper, Smallgate st.
Knowles, Martin, King’s Head inn and commercial hotel, New Market-place
Lay, John, Bear and Bells, Old Market
Lay, John, butcher, Northgate street
Leavold, William H., corn, coal, salt, cement, and slate merchant, agent
to the London traders, Corporation Wharf
Lenny, William, Waveney brewery, agent to Sun Fire and Life office,
Northgate street
Lillistone, Mary Ann, New Market-place
Love, Alfred G., general agent to tax commissioners and to Royal Life and
Fire Assurance company, Ballaygate street
Marshall, James, dyer, Northgate street
Mayhew, Joseph, linen and woollen draper, Exchange square
Mayhew, Mary Ann, baker and confectioner, Smallgate street
Mills, Edward, Crown, Blyburgate street
Mills, Frederic, tailor and woollen draper, Blyburgate street
Mills, Robert, George and Dragon, Hungate lane
Money, James, baker and confectioner, Sheepgate street
Mullett, James, tailor, Ballaygate street
Neal, William, shopkeeper, Hungate lane
Nicker, John, butcher, Old Market
Nicker, Mary, dressmaker and shopkeeper, Saltgate street
Norman, John, carpenter, Sheepgate str.
Norman, Joseph, beer-house, Sheepgate street
Norman, Joseph, builder, Sheepgate str.
Norman, Robert, brazier, Blyburgate str.
Oakes, Elizabeth, dress-maker, Sheepgate street
Oswald, Robert, auctioneer, Northgate street
Oxborough, Charles, ropemaker, Smallgate street
Page, Robert, glover, Sheepgate street
Pells, Nathaniel, builder, carpenter, and lane burner, Pudding moor
Pigg, Alfred, draper, New Market-place
Piper, Isaac, tailor, Smallgate street
Piper, Isaac, tailor, Sheepgate street
Piper, Isaac, beer house, Northgate street
Piper, James, tailor and hatter, Sheepgate street
Piper, William, ropemaker, Northgate street
Purland, Samuel, the Plough, Newgate street
Rand, John, shopkeeper, Northgate street
Read, Eliza, butcher, New Market
Reynolds, John, corn inspector, Ballaygate street
Roberts, James, cooper, Sheepgate street
Rodwell, John, boot and shoe maker, New Market
Sayer, Thomas, plumber and glazier, Ballaygate street
Sharpin, William, solicitor, Exchange str.
Sharpins and Swatman, solicitors, and agents to the Law Fire Assurance
Office, Exchange square
Shipley, Edward, postman, Northgate street
Shreeve, Eliza, confectioner, Saltgate str.
Smith, Eddy, Queen’s Head, Newgate street
Smith, James, baker and confectioner, Northgate street
Smith, Shephard, grocer and toy dealer, New Market place
Smith, Thomas, corn, coal, and seed merchant, Northgate street
Snell and Hotson, coach builders, Smallgate street
Sprunt, Francis, shopkeeper, Pudding moor
Stacey and Scott, tailors and hatters, New Market-place
Stamp Office, Clarke, Abraham, sub-distributor and insurance agent,
Smallgate street
Steel, Samuel, chemist and druggist, New Market-place
Stimpson, John, shoemaker, Saltgate street
Swatman, Edward, solicitor, Northgate street
Syder, George, cabinet maker and upholsterer, New Market-place
Taylor, George, brazier and coppersmith, New Market-place
Thirtle, James, green grocer, New Market
Thornton and Co., brewers and maltsters, Blyburgate and Northgate street
Thornton, Richard F., brewer, Ballaygate street
Thrower, Benjamin, confectioner and grocer, New Market
Thurling, James, tailor and clothes cleaner, Newgate street
Tillett, Frederic, fishmonger, New Market-place
Titshall, Deverson, shoemaker, Sheepgate street
Toll, George H., miller, Bridge street
Tuck, Robert, shoemaker, Smallgate str.
Vyse, William, boot and shoe maker, Northgate street
Wade, Denny, Fleece, Blyburgate street
Walker, Rhoda, straw bonnet and dressmaker, Saltgate street
Walne, Sarah, White Horse, New Market
Ward, Robert, grocer and wine and spirit merchant, Sheepgate street
Warner, Richard, coach driver, Sheepgate street
Webster, John C., solicitor, agent to the Phœnix Fire Office and Pelican
Life Office, Old Market
Welch, William, whitesmith and bell-hanger, New Market-place
Welton, John, boot and shoe maker, Northgate street
West, Robert, gardener, Blyburgate street
White, Harriet, stationery and fancy repository, New Market
Whitehead, George, stone and marble mason, Northgate street
Wigg, George, beerhouse, Fenn lane
Wigg, Horace, cabinetmaker, Northgate street
Winter, Betsy, shopkeeper, Northgate street
Woodroffe, Thomas and William, builders, Lower Bridge street
Woodward, William, hairdresser, register office for servants, New Market
Wolfe, George E., cabinet maker and broker, Blyburgate street
Woolner, George, shoemaker, Northgate street
Woolner, William, horse clipper, Blyburgate street
Woolnough, George, cabinet maker and upholsterer, New Market
Worroffe, William W., builder, White Swan, New Market-place
Wright, William, boat builder, Northgate street
Youell, George, Pleasure Yatch, Northgate street




BUNGAY.


BUNGAY.  A market-town on the borders of Norfolk, 108 miles from London,
through Romford, Chelmsford, Colchester, Ipswich, and Harleston, and 14
miles S.E. from Norwich, 40 miles N.E. from Ipswich, 20 miles S.W. of
Yarmouth, 15 miles W. of Lowestoft, and 6 miles W. from Beccles; is in
Wangford hundred and union, East Suffolk, Norwich bishopric; contained,
in 1851, 3,841 inhabitants, fairs are held for horses, cattle, &c., on
the 14th May and on the 25th September (the latter is also a sessions or
hiring for servants).  Near the town is a large silk manufactory,
belonging to Messrs. Grout and Co., Norwich; also some extensive flour
mills, malt-houses, paper mill, iron foundries, printing offices, and
lime kilns.

Bungay contains two churches: the one dedicated to St. Mary, is a
handsome edifice, with square tower, and 4 spires, an excellent peal of 8
bells, and a clock.  The living is a perpetual curacy, value £115 per
annum, a donative of the Duke of Norfolk.  The Rev. Wm. H. Archdeacon
Glover, B.A., is the perpetual incumbent.  The other church, dedicated to
the Holy Trinity, is an ancient structure, with round tower.  The living
is a vicarage, value £317. per annum, in the gift of the Bishop of Ely.
The Rev. W. Glover, B.A., is the incumbent, and the Rev. H. T. Deacle,
M.A., is the curate.

The Baptists, Independents, Wesleyans, and Roman Catholics, have chapels
here.  The town is lighted with gas, and the inhabitants are amply
supplied with excellent water from the numerous springs with which the
town and its neighbourhood abound.  The houses are mostly of modern date,
having been erected since 1688, when nearly the whole town was burned in
a fire, which originated in an uninhabited dwelling.

                                * * * * *

Messrs. Harvey and Hudson’s Bank, Market-place.  Manager, Mr. Graystone
Baker.

Gurneys, Birkbeck, Turner and Co.’s Bank, Broad street.  Manager, William
Hartcup, Esq.  Clerk, Mr. Robert Smith.

East of England Bank, Broad street.  Manager, Samuel Smith, Esq.
Cashier, Richard Cracknell.  Draw on London and Westminster Bank.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Aldis, Charles, Esq., the Grove, Uplands
Allsopp, Mrs. Ann, Earsham street
Angel, Mrs. Harriet, Earsham street
Atkinson, Rev. Samuel, Wesleyan minister, Prospect place
Barnes, Mrs. Lucy, Earsham street
Burtsall, Mrs., Grove road
Bewicke, Miss Jane, Trinity street
Chambers, Mr. Jonathan, Lower Olland st.
Childs, Mrs. Hannah, Earsham street
Cuddon, Mrs. Susanna, Earsham street
Currie, Mrs. John, Trinity street
Deacle, Rev. Thomas Hicks, curate of Holy Trinity; h Upper Olland street
Denny, Mrs. M., Prospect place
Edwards, Rev. William, Wesleyan minister, Upper Olland street
Fisher, Mrs. Eliza, Upper Olland street
Franklin, Mrs. Mary Ann, Trinity street
Garnham, Mrs. Maria, Broad street
Garneys, Charles, M.R.C.S. and L.S.A., Trinity street
Glover, Rev. W., Rector of St. Mary’s, Trinity street
Hogarth, Rev. Arthur, curate of Redisham, h Lower Olland street
Marfew, Miss Phœbe, Grove road
Mayhew, Mrs. Charlotte, Bull lane
Minns, Mr. John, the Ollands
Morell, Mrs. Sophia, Market-place
Plowman, Mrs. Mary, Bridge street
Pratt, Mrs. Ann, Upper Olland street
Pratt, Mr. Henry, Lower Olland street
Rogerson, Mrs. Earsham street
Reynolds, Mrs. Louisa, Lower Olland street
Sayer, Mrs. Elizabeth, Trinity street
Scott, Miss Charlotte, Earsham street
Scott, John, Esq., Earsham street
Smith, Mr. the Ollands
Webb, Mr. John, Upper Olland street
Wills, Rev. Charles, minister of the Independent chapel, Upper Olland
street
West, Mrs. Lydia, Plough street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, ETC.


Abel, Matthias, postmaster, post-office, Earsham street
Adams, Edw. B., surgeon, Earsham str.
Adkin, Fred., tailor and draper, Olland st.
Adkin, William, gunmaker, Market-place
Airey, Robert, wine and spirit merchant, Bridge street
Aldous, Richard, butcher, Lower Olland street
Alexander, W., confectioner, Bridge str.
Alger, William, baker, Broad street
Allen, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Bridge str.
Archer, John, saddle and harness maker, Olland street
Archer, Mary Ann and Eliza, milliners and dressmakers, Upper Olland
street
Ashby, John Samuel, printer, bookbinder, and depository of the Society
for promoting Christian Knowledge, Upper Olland street
Ashby, Richard D., bookseller and stationer, Upper Olland street
Atmeare, James, corn dealer, &c., Earsham street
August, Isaac, tailor, Upper Olland street
Baker, Allen, shopkeeper, Upper Olland street
Baker, George, auctioneer and surveyor, Trinity street
Baker, William T., writer, Plough street
Baldry, George, the Rose and Crown inn, Upper Olland street
Balls, George, millwright, Lower Olland street
Balls, John, ironmonger, smith, and bell hanger, Market-place
Banham, William, shopkeeper, Bull lane
Barcham, Edward, plumber, glazier, and painter, Lower Olland street
Barker, Harriet, dress and mantle maker, Market-place
Barkway, Rev. Frederic, curate of Ilketshall St. Andrew, h, Earsham
street
Barrell, Samuel, shopkeeper, Lower Olland street
Barrell, Samuel, seedsman and fruiterer, Market-place
Beare, Robert, hay dealer, Upper Olland street
Beare, William, boot and shoe maker, Olland street
Bedingfield, John, butcher, Lower Olland street
Bellman, Henry, solicitor, clerk to the magistrates, and agent to the
Globe Fire and Life office, Broad street
Bidwell, Mark, baker, Lower Olland str.
Botwright, Ambrose, attorney’s clerk, Grove road
Botwright, George, travelling draper, Upper Olland street
Booty, William, whitesmith and bell hanger, Lower Olland street
Botwright, John D., builder, agent to the Phœnix Fire office, Upper
Olland str.
Botwright, Thomas, clothier and register office for servants, Upper
Olland street
Botwright, William T., tailor and draper, Earsham street
Branford, James, saddle and harness maker, Earsham street
Brindle, Rev. William, Roman Catholic minister, h, Olland street
Brown, Mrs. Harriet, dressmaker, Upper Olland street
Brown and Son, plumbers, glaziers, painters, and paper hangers, Bridge
st.
Brown, William, watch and clock maker, Bridge street
Bruce, Thomas F., brewer and retailer of beer, Bridge street
Bull, Louis, bricklayer and plasterer, Chapel street
Bullock, Robert Henry, watchmaker and silversmith, Market-place
Burgess, George, superintendent of the paper mills, Lower Olland street
Butcher, Benjamin, the Red Lion, Upper Olland street
Butcher, Robert, registrar of marriages, New road
Butcher Robert, coal and corn merchant, Trinity street
Buxton, James, shopkeeper, Broad street
Cadge, John P., boarding and day school for young gentlemen, Bridge
street
Calver, Elizabeth, King’s Arms, Bridge street
Cameron, Daniel, iron and brass founder, Earsham street
Cane, Abel, butcher and tea dealer, Upper Olland street
Capon, Charles, King’s Head, Market-place
Carley, Richard, pawnbroker, Bridge str.
Carley, Richard, watch and clock maker and jeweller, Earsham street
Cattermole, Alfred, saddle and harness maker, Olland street
Cattermole, Henry, plumber, glazier, and painter, Bridge street
Cattermole, Henry, painter, plumber, and glazier, Broad street
Cattermole, Joseph, boot and shoe maker, Upper Olland street
Cattermole, Richard, carver and gilder, Bridge street
Cattermole, S. and H., milliners and dress-makers, Bridge street
Cattermole, Susan, toy shop, Bridge street
Chalker, Jane, the White Horse, Trinity street
Chamberlain, Mary, milliner and dress-maker, Upper Olland street
Charlish, William, fishmonger, Lower Olland street
Chase, Robert, Queen’s Head, Market-place
Chase, Charles, butcher, Bridge street
Chase, Robert, junr., butcher, Olland str.
Chenery, Frederic, watchmaker and jeweller, Olland street
Childs, Charles, steam printer, Office lane, h, Broad street
Churchyard, William, chemist and druggist, Market-place
Clarke, John, baker, Bridge street
Clarke, Sarah, hat and cap manufacturer, Earsham street
Clarke, William, tailor and draper, Earsham street
Clutten, James, Cherry Tree inn, Earsham street
Claxton, Robert, clothier and bootmaker, Bridge street
Cocks, Gilbert and Son, grocers, drapers, and earthenware dealers,
Earsham street
Cocks, William, grocer, tea dealer, and dealer in British wines,
Market-place
Codling, William, boot and shoe maker, Lower Olland street
Colby, George, hairdresser and perfumer, Olland street
Cornaby, Matthew, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Cornish, Charles, chimney sweeper and fire defender, Broad street
Cossey, James, the Ship, Lower Olland street
Crisp, Samuel B., the Crown, Market-place
Crook, Augustus, veterinary surgeon, Bridge street
Cross, William, boot and shoe maker, Earsham street
Cuddon, Miss, dressmaker, Plough street
Cuddon, William, timber merchant, Olland street
Cullingford, Mrs. Elizabeth, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Lower
Olland street
Cullingford and Bayles, carpenters and joiners, Chapel street
Cullingford, William, carpenter and joiner, Earsham street
Cullingford, Richard, butcher, Lower Olland street
Cunningham, Miss Mary Ann, dress-maker, Upper Olland street
Currie, Charles W., surgeon, Market-place
Dale, Mary, lodging house for travellers, Bridge street
Darvy, Robert, builder, Chapel street
Day, George, cabinet maker, Lower Olland street
Dipson, William, wheelwright, Lower Olland street
Dodd, Philip Henry, solicitor, the Ollands
Dodd, Philip William, solicitor, Olland Downs
Drake, Charles, solicitor, Trinity street
Draper, Francis, hay and corn seller, and baker, Bridge street
Driver, William, Prince of Wales, and wool stapler, Upper Olland street
Dyball, Robert, linen draper, Market-place
Earl, Richard, sheriff’s officer, Earsham street
Ebbage, Mrs. Hannah, brick and tile manufacturer, Earsham street
Ecclestone, Robert, baker and confectioner, Upper Olland street
Farrants, Sarah, shopkeeper, Broad street
Farman, Elizabeth, painter, Broad street
Farrow, Joseph, timber merchant, Lower Olland street
Fenton, John, professor of dancing, Bull Jane
Fisher, Samuel, grocer and stamp distributor, Earsham street
Foulger, Joseph, carpenter and joiner, Upper Olland street
Francis, Eliza, stay and dress maker, Lower Olland street
Girling, John W., butcher, Earsham street
Gosling, Mary, shopkeeper, Bridge street
Grimmer, Charles, veterinary surgeon, Upper Olland street
Hammond, Robert, veterinary surgeon, Earsham street
Harding, Simon, cooper, Bridge street
Hinsby, William, cooper, Lower Olland street
Howes, Robert, accountant, Lower Olland street
Howes, Miss Harriet, ladies’ boarding academy, Earsham street
Howard, Edwin, grocer and tea dealer, Earsham street
Holley, William, plumber, glazier, and painter, Chapel street
Hogg, Robert, carrier, Bridge street
Hudson, James, ironmonger, Olland str.
Hunt, Miss Susannah, milliner and dress-maker, Bridge street
Ife, Charles, the Chequers, Bridge street
James, John H., solicitor, agent for the Caledonian Fire, and Fire
Insurance company, Trinity street
Jennings, William Howes Dundas, inland revenue officer, Upper Olland
street
Jermy, John, the Two Brewers, Chapel street
Jordan, Thomas, beer retailer, Bull lane
Judge, Joseph, shopkeeper, Upper Olland street
King, Hannah, Elizabeth, and Ellen, dressmakers, Earsham street
King, Michael, wheelwright, Earsham st.
Lait, Alfred, linen and woollen draper, Olland street
Lait, John, clothier, Earsham street
Larke, William, wine and spirit merchant, Broad street
Laws, James, Three Jolly Butchers, Market-place
Leggatt, Robert, Horse and Groom, Broad street
Lodge, Edward, coal merchant, Bridge st.
Lover, Charles, basket and sieve maker, Market-place
Martin, Benjamin, the Angel inn, Lower Olland street
Martin, George, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Martin, William, the Fleece inn, Market-place
Masterson, James, glover and tailor, Lower Olland street
Mayhew, Jeremiah, confectioner, Earsham street
Meadows, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Trinity street
Minns, Charles, draper and milliner, Olland street
More, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, Upper Olland street
Newman, John, White Lion, Earsham street
Nickless, Frederic, linen and woollen draper, Olland street
Nunn, Robert, bricklayer and plasterer, Plough street
Nursey, Henry, stonemason and sculptor, Upper Olland street
Nursey, James, stone and marble mason, Lower Olland street
Nursey, James, leather currier, Upper Olland street
Oaken, Martha, straw bonnet maker, Market-place
Owles, James, chemist and druggist, Market-place
Owles, Thomas, grocer, tea dealer, and tallow chandler, Trinity street
Palmer, David, pump maker and well sinker, the Greyhound, Upper Olland
street
Pearson, Robert, plumber and glazier, the Ollands
Phillips, William L., grocer and tea dealer, Market-place
Pratt, John, paper manufacturer, Trinity street
Pricker, Jonathan, excise officer, Lower Olland street
Raven, James, corn and seed merchant, Broad street
Rayner, Henry, wheelwright, New road
Reeve, John R., boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Reeve, William, pork butcher, Earsham street
Reeve, Jesse, hairdresser, fancy repository, bookbinder, stationer, and
hardwareman, Market-place
Reeve, Charlotte, boarding and day school, Upper Olland street
Reeve, Hannah, dressmaker, Upper Olland street
Redgrave, Samuel, plumber, glazier, and painter, Chapel street
Reynolds, Sarah Ann, ladies’ day school, Broad street
Richards, Eliza, milliner and dressmaker, Lower Olland street
Riches, Frederic, tailor, Lower Olland st.
Riches, John, carpenter, &c., the Ollands
Richmond, William, ironmonger, Bridge street
Roper, John, Three Tuns inn, Market-place
Rose, Robert, cabinet maker, Upper Olland street
Sadd, John, tailor and draper, Bridge street
Sayer, John, beer retailer, Bridge street
Sayer, Manning, baker and confectioner, Upper Olland street
Scarlett, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Sewell, Bloomfield, registrar of births and deaths, the Ollands
Smith, George, boot and shoe maker, Lower Olland street
Smith, Henry, general shopkeeper, Olland street
Smith, Hannah, children’s day school, the Ollands
Smith, James, Bell inn, Market-place
Smith, James, tailor and draper, Market-place
Smith, Lucy, Ann, fancy repository and stationer, Market-place
Smith, Robert, tailor, Lower Olland street
Smith, Susannah, governess of the Plough school, Lower Olland street
Smith, Thomas, corn, coal, and seed merchant, Market-place
Smith, William, carpenter and joiner, Chapel street
Spall, Henry, auctioneer, wine and spirit merchant, New road
Spall, William, coach builder, New road
Spooner, Elizabeth, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Upper Olland street
Spooner, John, plumber and glazier, Upper Olland street
Stockdale, John, the Swan, Market-place
Sutton, Amelia, tailor and hatter, Olland street
Sutton, Lucy, dressmaker, Olland street
Taylor, John, hairdresser and perfumer, Earsham street
Taylor, Nathaniel, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Earsham street
Thirtle, John Brown, linen and woollen draper, Market-place
Tillett, Benjamin, fishmonger, Bridge st.
Tillett, William, fishmonger, Earsham st.
Tilley, Charles, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Tilley, Eliza, shopkeeper, Bridge street
Trower, James, boot and shoe maker, Bridge street
Turner, William, basket and sieve maker, Upper Olland street
Tye, John, boot and shoe maker, Broad street
Walesby and Son, saddle and harness makers, Earsham street
Walker, David, corn and coal merchant, Trinity street
Waller, John, cabinet maker, Earsham st.
Walpole, Mary Ann, draper, Bridge st.
Ward, Benjamin, rope maker, Market-place
Ward, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Olland street
Waters, John, yardman to Mr. Walker, merchant, Lower Olland street
Watson, John, blacksmith, New road
Watts, John, boot and shoe maker, Broad street
Watts, William, grocer, Earsham street
Wayling, T., confectioner, Earsham str.
Weavers, Henry, the Plough, Plough str.
Weavers, John, grocer and tea dealer, Olland street
Winter, John, glass stainer and painter, Earsham street
Woods, William, linen draper, Market-place
Woodward, B. B., littérateur, Trinity str.
Woolnoughs, Mrs. Hannah, ladies’ boarding and day school, Broad street
Woor, James, boot and shoe maker, Upper Olland street
Woor, James, boot and shoe maker, Lower Olland street
Wright, Robert, brewer, Grove road




HALESWORTH.


Halesworth is a market town, distant 31 miles N.E. from Ipswich, 8 miles
from Bungay, 9 miles from Beccles, 8½ from Southwold, and 100 from
London, in the Blything hundred and union, Norwich bishopric, East
Suffolk; is situate on the river Blyth, which is navigable to Southwold,
where it falls into the North Sea.  The living is a rectory, with the
vicarage of Chediston annexed, value £600, and 10 acres of glebe land, in
the gift of Andrew Johnston, Esq.  The Rev. Robert Edward Hankinson,
M.A., is the incumbent, and the Rev. David Stevenson, B.A., is the
curate.  The church of St. Mary is a Gothic building, with square tower
and fine peal of 8 bells; also nave, aisles, and organ.  The Baptists,
Wesleyans, and Independents, have chapels here.  Here is also a National
School, and a British and Foreign School.

There is a small theatre here; also a neat police station for the Beccles
division of police.  It is a polling place for the Eastern division of
the county.  The town is lighted with gas.  The trade consists in corn
and malt, which is exported to London by means of small crafts to
Southwold.  Here are also iron foundries, coach building, and several
manufacturing establishments.  The market is held on Tuesday.  Fairs are
held on Tuesday in Easter and Whitsun weeks, and 29th and 30th of
October.  The petty sessions are also held here.

The population is 2,665, acreage 1,420, gross rental £10,000, rateable
value, £7,990.  John Crabtree, Esq., is lord of the manor of Halesworth
and Dame Margerie, in Halesworth; and the rector is lord of the manor of
the rectory.

                                * * * * *

Crown bank; Harveys and Hudsons, bankers.  Agent, Thomas T. B. Bedwell,
Thoroughfar
Gurneys and Company; Barclay and Co., Market-place
East of England bank; manager, Josiah Humphries, London and Westminster
bank agents, Thoroughfare
Savings’ bank; manager, Mr. James Tippell.  Quay street
Gas works; John Foreman, manager, Wissett road



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Atthill, Rev., Bridge street
Bayley, Mrs. Susan, Pound street
Bunyan, Mr. John, Quay street
Chapman, Mr. John, Bungay road
Clarke, Mr. John, Bridge street
Crabtree, Misses, Bungay road
Cracknell, Thomas, Esq., Market-place
Eastaugh, Mrs. Hannah, Chediston str.
Fox, Mrs. Lucy, Quay street
Hankinson, Rev. Robert Edwards, rectory
Moore, Mrs., Bungay road
Prime, Mr. Edward, Bungay road
Ringwood, Mrs., Bridge street
Rudge, Mrs. Mary Anne, Rectory street
Spilling, Miss Charlotte, Quay street
Stevenson, Rev. David, curate, Pound street
Taylor, Mrs. Mary, Thoroughfare
Turner, Rev., rector of Linstead, round street



TRADES.  PROFESSIONS, &c.


Aldred, William Henry, grocer, tea-dealer and tallow chandler,
Market-place
Allex, Captain Peter, superintendent of police, Bungay road
Appleton, Robert, architect and surveyor, Pound street
Archer, William, the Golden Ball, Chediston street
Atmer, William, Angel inn commercial hotel, Thoroughfare
Baker, William, shopkeeper and postman, Thoroughfare
Baker, William, baker, Chediston street
Balls, John, Hawk inn, Bridge street
Balls, Robert, stone mason, Pound street
Barber, Emma, shopkeeper, Chediston street
Barber, Robert C., the White Lion, Market-place
Barker. T., teacher of music, Pound str.
Bass, Robert Beales, solicitor, agent for the Crown Life Office, clerk to
the County Court, and to the Ipswich turnpike, h Market-place
Beales, John, surgeon, Market-place
Bedwell, John, tailor and draper, Market-place
Bedwell, John, grocer and draper, Market-place
Bird, John, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Boniwell, William, register office for servants, Thoroughfare
Botham, Benjamin, linen draper, Bridge street
Botham, Benjamin, tailor, &c., Quay str.
Boyce, William, plumber, glazier, and painter, Pound street
Boyden, Susannah, ladies’ boarding academy, Quay street
Brown, Mary, butcher, Thoroughfare
Brown, Samuel, grocer and draper, Quay street
Bryant, Charles, solicitors’ clerk, Quay street
Buller, Elizabeth, basket maker, Pound st.
Burgess, Nathaniel, general ironmonger, Thoroughfare
Burleigh, Robert W., maltster and corn merchant, Quay street
Butler, William, tailor, Thoroughfare
Carliell, William, coal merchant, Thoroughfare
Carnova, Peter, silversmith and jeweller, Thoroughfare
Chambers, William, White Hart inn, Thoroughfare
Chaplain, Jonathan, the Grapes, Thoroughfare
Chapman, John, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Chappell, William, painter and glazier, Rectory street
Chilvers, Ambrose, grocer and draper, Chediston street
Chilvers, William, musical instrument Chediston street
Clarke, George, plumber and glazier, Thoroughfare
Clark, William E., the Perseverance tavern, Quay street
Cole, Ellen, fancy repository, Market-place
Cole, John, boot and shoe maker, Chediston street
Collett, George Thomas, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Thoroughfare
Collett, William H., coach builder, Pound street
Crabtree and Cross, solicitors, Thoroughfare
Crisp, William, saddle and harness maker, Quay street
Croft, Daniel, broker, Market-place
Croft, Daniel, lodging house and broker, Chediston street
Croft, George, haircutter, Quay street
Croft, James, general shopkeeper, Chediston street
Cross, Frederic, solicitor, Market-place, h Quay street
Cullingford, Emma, straw bonnet maker, Chediston street
Cullingford, James, shopkeeper, Chediston street
Cullingford, Titus, boot and shoe maker, Bungay road
Davey, Thomas P., linen draper, Thoroughfare
Day, John, printer, China, glass, and Staffordshire warehouse, Bridge
street
Dennison, David, confectioner, Pound st.
Dyer, Joseph, clothier and outfitter, Thoroughfare
Easterson and Son, iron and brass founders, and implement makers,
Market-place
Edmonds, Jonathan, supervisor, Bungay road
Ellis, William, watch maker, jeweller, and silversmith, Market-place
Elworthy, Sarah, boarding school for young ladies, Quay street
Farrington, Robert, grocer, Thoroughfare
Farrow, Joseph, timber merchant, Quay street
Farrow, Thomas, builder and architect, Bungay road
Fisher, Edward, tailor, Thoroughfare
Foreman, John, grocer, draper, and post master, Thoroughfare
Forman, Daniel, clerk to Blything Union, Quay street
Forman, James, butcher, Bridge street
Freeman, G. P., auctioneer, land agent, &c., Thoroughfare
Garrard, Seaman, surgeon
Gibson, William, the Half Moon, Rectory street
Gilham, John, Brewers’ Arms, Bungay road
Girdlestone, Owen, whitesmith, Pound street
Gobbett, Henry G., tailor, draper, and bootmaker, Thoroughfare
Gooch, James, fruiterer, and dealer in marine stores, Chediston street
Gooch, John, marine store dealer, Chediston street
Gooderham, John, earthenware dealer, Bridge street
Green, Lucy, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Hardingham, William, the Queen’s Head, Chediston street
Hellen, Robert, Rose and Crown, Chediston street
Holder, Henry, brewer, Quay street
Hopson, William, saddle and harness maker, Thoroughfare
Howard, Charles, Trowel and Hammer, Pound street
Howard, Frederic, surgeon, Quay street
Hugman, Robert, linen draper, Bridge street
James, Henry, accountant, Quay street
Jarmy, John, smith and ironmonger, Chediston street
Jarvis, Walter Scott, station-master, Halesworth station
Johnson, Sarah, milliner and dressmaker, Market-place
Keeble, Francis, carpenter and joiner, Rectory street
Kemp, Samuel, butcher, Bridge street
Kent, Thomas, cooper, Coopers’ Arms, Quay street
Lanes, Frederic, shopkeeper, Market-place
Lockwood, James, greengrocer, Bridge street
London, John F., hatter, outfitter, &c., agent for the Alliance Life and
Fire Assurance Office, Thoroughfare
Mannall, Mrs. Elizabeth E., milliner and dressmaker, Bridge street
Mannall, John, day academy for young gentlemen, Rectory street
Miller, James, baker, Chediston street
Miller, James, tailor and town crier, Chediston street
Millett, William, shopkeeper, Pound str.
Mills, Isaac, the Tuns, Market-place
Moore, Caroline, milliner and dressmaker, Bridge street
Musk, Edward H., stationer and toyman, Bridge street
Neeve, Thomas, Swan inn, veterinary surgeon, Pound street
Newson, Frederick, grocer and teadealer, Bridge street
Newson, Nelson, W., watch and clock maker, silversmith, jeweller, &c.,
Thoroughfare
Newson, Richard, whitesmith, Chediston street
Newson, Samuel, bricklayer and plasterer, Pound street
Newson, Stephen, bricklayer, Chediston street
Newson, William, bricklayer and farmer, Chediston street
Nunn, Ephraim, pork shop, Pound street
Owles, John, plumber and glazier, Thoroughfare
Parsley, Frederick, Esq., manager to Gurney’s bank, Market-place
Page, Thomas, corn and seed merchant, baker, &c., Bridge street
Peachy, Robert, ropemaker, Pound street
Pedgrave, Augustus, surgeon, Bungay road
Pedgrift, Fred. W., surgeon, Thoroughfare
Prime, Samuel, fishmonger, Bridge street
Rackham, George, chemist and druggist, printer and publisher of the
Halesworth Times, Quay street
Read, John, solicitor, Pound street
Reynolds, William, chemist and druggist, Thoroughfare
Rignall, William, gunsmith, Market-place
Robinson, William, boot and shoe maker, Quay street
Rudland, George H., surgeon and druggist, Chediston street
Sawyer, James, carrier to Norwich, Ipswich, and Aldborough, Quay street
Scarle, Mrs. Catherine, beer retailer and shopkeeper, Quay street
Scraggs, Elizabeth, dyer, Chediston street
Seaman, John, bailiff to the County court, Rectory street
Seaman, George, butcher, Thoroughfare
Self, Samuel, maltster, brewer, and retailer of beer, Chediston street
Self, Samuel, shopkeeper, Quay street
Shade, Nathaniel, boot and shoe maker, Thoroughfare
Simmonds, Robert, the Ship, Thoroughfare
Smith, Caroline, dressmaker, Chediston street
Smith, James, builder, Chediston street
Smith, John and Robert, farmers, Steeple lane
Smith, Robert, police constable, police station, Quay street
Smith, Sidney, veterinary surgeon, Chediston street
Sowen, Robert, brick maker, Steeple lane
Sparrow, Samuel, umbrella maker, Chediston street
Spore, James, broker, Chediston street
Squire, George, dealer in game, Chediston street
Squire, William, baker and grocer, Pound street
Stagoll, John, land surveyor, Black Eagle, Chediston street
Stevens, William, accountant, Market-place
Strathern, F. B., maltster, Bungay road
Strathern, F. B. and Co., wine and spirit merchants, Quay streets
Sutton, Robert T., tailor and draper, Thoroughfare
Symonds, Robert, coachmaker and smith, Quay street
Taylor, Caroline, straw bonnet maker, Pound street
Taylor, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Bungay road
Taylor, George G., King’s Arms commercial hotel, Market-place
Thompson, William, gun and lock smith, Bridge street
Thompson, George, brewer, farmer, and maltster, Market-place
Tillett, Samuel, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Bridge street
Tilney, Henry, blacksmith, Pound street
Tippell, James, printer, bookseller, stationer, dealer in china, glass,
and earthenware, agent to Norwich Union Life and Fire Insurance society,
Thoroughfare
Took, Adam, basket and sieve maker, Quay street
Took, Peter, beer retailer and butcher, Chediston street
Took, Robert, confectioner and baker, Bridge street
Tyrrell, Sarah, milliner and dressmaker, Bungay road
Tyrrell, William, brewer, Bungay road
Wade, Denny, cooper and brewer, Bridge street
Wade, Sarah, ladies’ boarding school, Pound street
Wade, Thomas, cooper, Pound street
Waters, Ann, the King’s Head, Quay str.
Watson, William, the Wherry, Quay str.
Webb, T., farmer, Walpole road
Wigg, Caroline, straw bonnet manufacturer, Thoroughfare
Wigg, Lionel, stock dealer, Rectory str.
Wigg, William, watch and clock maker, Thoroughfare
Wild, Thomas, accountant, Bungay road
Woods, William, shopkeeper, Chediston street
Woodward, Francis, banker’s clerk, Pound street
Wright, James, plumber, glazier, and painter, Market-place




EYE.


EYE.  An ancient borough and market town, occupies a low situation at the
confluence of two rivulets, 20 miles N.E. of Ipswich, 24 S. of Norwich,
94½ from London through Colchester and Ipswich, and 3½ from the Mellis
station of the Eastern Union Railway.  It contains 4,174 acres, and the
population in 1851 was 2,419.  General Sir Edward Kerrison, Bart., of
Oakley Park, is lord of the manors, and proprietor of the greater part of
the soil.  The market is on Tuesday for corn, &c.; and a fair is held on
Whit-Monday for pleasure.  Through the energetic exertions of Mr. Henry
Bishop and Mr. Robert Chase, of this town, assisted by Sir Edward C.
Kerrison, Bart., M.P., of Broome Hall, a new era has dawned on the place
by the erection of a flax manufactory on such an extensive scale, as to
be capable of giving employment to a great number of hands.  Here are
breweries and an iron foundry.  The town is governed by a mayor, 4
aldermen, and 12 councilmen; and has a Commission of Peace, and Court of
Record.  Petty sessions are holden here.  It returns one Member to
Parliament; and the present member is Sir Edward Clarence Kerrison, Bart.

The public buildings include the parish church, dedicated to St. Peter
and St. Paul, a large, handsome structure, with a fine embattled tower,
clock, and a handsome Gothic porch.  The living is a vicarage, valued at
£331 per annum.  Sir Edward C. Kerrison, Bart., is the patron, and the
Rev. James William Campbell, M.A., the incumbent.  There are Wesleyan and
Baptist chapels; likewise a Free Grammar and National Schools.  The
Hartismere Union Workhouse, a neat building, stands at the east end of
the town, near the church.

The Freemasons have a Lodge (Prince Edwin, 751) held at Mrs. Rowling’s,
White Lion Hotel.  There is a town hall, and a small theatre, now
occasionally used for lectures.  The Eye Savings’ Bank and Annuity
Institution is held at Mr. Henry Bishop’s, in Broad Street, who is
Secretary and Manager; and in November, 1851, there was due to 1,184
depositors the sum of £28,177 1_s._ 7_d._  At the north entrance of the
town stand Bedingfield’s almshouses, for poor widows or old maids of Eye,
which have been rebuilt by the charity trustees, and have a picturesque
appearance.

                                * * * * *

Gas Works, Magdalen street, Mr. John Waterman, superintendent, h Lambeth
street.
Gurneys & Co., bankers, Edgar Chenery, Esq., solicitor, agent, Broad
street



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Ashford, Mr. Seaman, Castle street
Ashwell, Miss, Castle street
Bishop, Mrs. Mary, Castle street
Branch, Mr. John, Lambeth street
Campbell, Rev. James W., M.A., vicar, h the vicarage
Collins, Mrs. Hannah, Church street
Day, Miss Ellen, Church street
Eade, the Misses, Castle street
Edwards, Mrs. Lucy, Magdalen street
Flowerdew, Mr. Thomas, Church street
Hayward, Mr. Lionel, Lambeth street
Notly, Rev. Charles, vicar of Redlingfield, and Master of the Grammar
school, h Grammar school
Prettyman, Mr. Robert, Church street
Southwold, Miss, Miss Reeve, and Miss Garland, Castle street
Thornton, Mrs. Emily, Castle street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Aldred, Frederic, miller, Lambeth street
Arbourn, Robert, the Star, Castle street
Ashford, Henry, surgeon, Castle street
Baldry, George, miller, Church street
Barber, Thomas, chemist and druggist, Lambeth street
Barber, William, ironmonger, agent to the Norwich Union Life and Fire
office, Broad street
Batchelor, Henry F., mechanical dentist, jeweller, watchmaker, and
engraver, Castle street
Bevis, George T., Hill House establishment for young gentlemen, Lambeth
street
Bird, Henry, the Grapes, Church street
Bird, Thomas, rock and sweetmeat maker, Church street
Bishop, Robert, chemist and druggist, printer and stationer, agent to the
Indisputable Life office, Broad street
Broad Charles, brushmaker, Castle street
Buckenham, Charles G., the Horseshoes, Castle street
Burton and Chase, flax manufacturers, flax mills
Burton, John Watson, flax manufacturer, Lambeth street
Calver, Susannah, watchmaker and glass dealer, Broad street
Cason and Bicker, linen and woollen drapers, agents for Dakin’s tea,
Broad street
Catchpole, Edward, the Red Lion, Church street
Chase, Robert, butcher, Lambeth street
Collins, Henry, blacksmith and machinist, Cross street
Collins, John, tallow chandler and grocer, Church street
Cooper, James, baker, Church street
Costerton, Charles Fisher, clerk to the Guardians of the Hartismere
Union, and superintendent registrar
Coston and Co., brewers, maltsters, wine and spirit merchants
Cream, Charles, solicitor, clerk to Magistrates of the County for the
Hundred of Hartismere, Lambeth street
Cross, Charles O., grocer and draper, Lambeth street
Dade, Robert, shopkeeper, Magdalen str.
Day, Daniel, builder, Church street
Day, Joseph, wheelwright, Back lane
Dove, James, shopkeeper, Church street
Dykes, Robert, cooper, King’s Head, Church street
Evans, Harriet, dressmaker, Church street
French, Thos. Esq., bank agent and solicitor, Stayer House
Frost, Charles, Queen’s Head inn, Cross street
Gardner, William, shopkeeper, Magdalen street
Garrod, William, iron and brass founder and manufacturer of farmers’
implements in general, Lowgate street
Gibbs, Robert, tailor, Magdalen street
Girling, Daniel, wheelwright, Castle str.
Gissing, Anthony, confectioner and baker, Castle street
Gissing, Samuel, linen and woollen draper, agent to the Royal Exchange
and the General Fire and Life offices, Broad street
Gooderham, Daniel, hairdresser, Magdalen street
Goold, George, gardener and seedsman, Cowgate street
Harvey, William, hairdresser, Broad street
Herbert, Hannah, the Eight Bells, Church street
Hindes, James, carpenter and builder, Lowgate street
Howe, Anthony, boot and shoe maker, Lambeth street
Hursam, Edward, boot and shoe maker, Lambeth street
Jeffry, Martha, milliner and dress maker, Church street
Jessop, Samuel, dealer, Church street
Jillings, Samuel, corn chandler and butcher, Castle street
Kemp, Edward, bankers’ clerk, Castle street
Kirby, Susan, milliner and dress maker, Lambeth street
Lacon, Charles, jun., solicitor, Lambeth street
Lacon, Richard and Charles, brewers, and wine and spirit merchants,
Lambeth street
Lacon, Thomas Henry, agent to the Britannia Insurance office
Lake, William, the Swan inn, Cross str.
Lawrence, Jesse, broker, Church street
Lawrence, Robert, the Cherry Tree, Castle street
Lawton, George Warner, solicitor, Castle street
Ling, Charles H., plumber, glazier, and painter, Lowgate street
Marriott, John, tailor, Castle street
Marsh, John, saddle and harness maker, Castle street
Mendham, Robert, coach maker and artist, Church street
Moore, James, surgeon, Magdalen street
Moss, Susan, milliner and dress maker, Magdalen street
Moss, William, the Crown, Magdalen str.
Mudd, George, grocer, registrar of marriages for the Hundred of
Hartismere, Church street
Neale, James, plumber and glazier, Castle street
Norman, James, Duke of Wellington, Back lane
Nurse, Richard, printer, bookseller, stationer, stamp distributor, and
postmaster, Broad street
Offord, Edmund, Bedingfield Arms, Lambeth street
Olden, John, tailor, Church street
Page, Edward, leather cutter, Castle str.
Palmer, Mary, stay maker, Back lane
Penning, Daniel, builder and surveyor, Lambeth street
Perfitt, Robert, gardener, Cross street
Perry, Thomas, baker, Church street
Prentice, David, gunsmith, Cross street
Rampling, Henry, beer retailer, Castle street
Rampling, Henry, tailor, Castle street
Rampling, Horace, butcher, Castle street
Rands, William, basket manufactory and rod merchant, Lambeth street
Rowling, Susan, White Lion commercial hotel, Broad street
Read, William, tailor and draper, Church street
Read, William, tailor, Broad street
Remington, Richard, saddle and harness maker, Church street
Richardson, Humphrey, fishmonger, Church street
Robinson, James, glover, Castle street
Robinson, William, glover, Church street
Rose, David, boot and shoe maker, Back lane
Runacres, Mary, corn chandler, Church street
Rush, John, fancy toy shop and veterinary surgeon, Castle street
Scales, Harriet, straw bonnet maker, Church street
Scales, Henry, King’s Arms, Castle street
Short, George G., maltster and builder, Church street
Sivel, George, cooper, Lambeth street
Skelton, Joseph, dyer, Castle street
Skinner, George, watch and clock maker, Castle street
Skuffham, David, blacking manufacturer, Lambeth street
Smith, Joseph, blacksmith, Church street
Smith, Robert, confectioner, Broad street
Strutt, Joseph, White Horse, Church str.
Sturgeon, Daniel, painter, plumber, and glazier, Castle street
Sturgeon, George, painter, plumber, and glazier, Castle street
Thimblethorpe, Henry, carpenter and joiner, Castle street
Tillett, William, fishmonger, Castle street
Todd, Henry, coach maker, Lambeth street
Tricker, William, saddle and harness maker, Lowgate street
Tye, Mark, bricklayer, Cross street
Vine, Henry, stone and marble mason, Lowgate street
Walter, William Miller, surgeon, Lambeth street
Waterman, John, corn and coal merchant, Back street
Watling, John, the Bull, Lambeth street
Weeden, Henry, horse dealer, Church str.
Whayman, Owen, professor of music and dancing, Church street
Williams, William, governor of the Hartismere Union; Williams, Eliza,
matron
Woolner, Francis, accountant, Church street
Wythe, Henry, the Victoria Arms, Back street




STOWMARKET.


STOWMARKET.  A market town and railway station, in Stow hundred, West
Suffolk, 80¼ miles from London, 12½ N.N.W. from Ipswich, and 14¼ E.S.E.
from Bury; contained, in 1851, 3,299 inhabitants, besides about 1,000 in
the Upland, being nearly 4,300.  It is nearly the centre of the county,
on the Eastern Union Railway, at the junction of the three rivulets which
form the river Gipping, which was rendered navigable in 1793, and has
proved a great source of prosperity to the town.  A considerable trade in
corn, malt, coals, slate, and timber, is done here.  The Corn Exchange
and Assembly Boom were built at a cost of £3000 about 20 years since.
The corn market, held on Thursday, is well attended by farmers.  A grand
agricultural show of cattle, sheep, and pigs, is held early in September;
and a horticultural show is held in July for flowers, fruit, and
vegetables.  There are two annual fairs—viz. on the 10th of July and two
following days for toys and pleasure, and on the 12th of August a large
lamb fair.  The town is well lighted with gas; and it is now a
polling-place for the Western division of the county.

The living is a vicarage, valued in the King’s books at £16 15_s._, is
now valued at £380 per annum.  The Rev. A. G. H. Hollingsworth is patron
and incumbent.  The church, dedicated to St. Peter and St. Mary, is a
large cathedral-like building, in the decorated and early English style
of architecture, with tower, nave, aisles, long chancel, and a side
chapel, belonging to C. Tyrrell, Esq., called Gripping chapel.  In the
church is a monument to Dr. Young, once vicar of this place, and tutor to
the immortal Milton.  There are chapels for Independents, Baptists,
Wesleyans, and Primitive Methodists; also a National school, and several
benevolent institutions for the relief of the poor.

                                * * * * *

Harveys and Hudson’ Bank.  William Isley, Esq., manager, Butter market.
Oakes, Bevan, and Co.’s Bank.  Manager, John G. Hart, Market-place
Reading Rooms for Young Men, supported by Subscribers—about 100 members,
Market-place.  Open daily.
Corn Exchange, Market-place.  Market on Thursdays; large trade carried
amongst farmers, maltsters, millers, and merchants.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Bond, Miss Susan, Childer road
Bradley, Mr. Robert, Childer road
Bridges, Mrs. Sarah, Ipswich road
Cooper, Mrs. Amelia, Bury street
Cross, Mr. Henry, Ipswich street
Dydeman, Mr. George, Bury street
Freeman, Mrs. Susan, Ipswich street
Gaymour, Miss Mary Ann, Childer road
Grimsby, Miss M. N., Ipswich road
Hollingsworth, Rev. A. G. H., vicar of Stowmarket and Stowupland,
Vicarage, Ipswich street
Kent, Mrs., Childer road
King, Mrs., Hill house
Maberly, Rev. Frederic H., vicar of Great Finborough, h Tavern street
Pennington, Mrs. Emma, Ipswich street
Purr, Misses Mary Anna and Sophia, Bury street
Revett, Mrs. Elizabeth, Bury street
Reynolds, Rev. William, Violet hill
Rust, Mrs., Bury street
Smith, Rev. W., curate of Stowupland, Ipswich road
Smith, William, Bury road
Symonds, Mrs. Elizabeth, Tavern street
Thornley, Rev. John, Baptist minister, Violet hill road
Turner, Mrs. Susan, Childer road
Webb, Joseph, Esq., Ipswich street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Adams, Robert, pipe maker, Market-place
Andrews, Henry, shopkeeper, Pleasant row, Regent street
Andrews, Joseph, builder, Tavern street
Archer, Edward P., assistant clerk to the Court, clerk to the Union, and
County Court office, Tavern street
Arenson, Louis, jeweller, Childer road
Bailey, William, cabinet maker, Ipswich street
Balls, George, tailor and draper, Churchyard
Banyard, Theodore, bricklayer and plasterer, Violet hill lane
Barker, Robert, baker, Stowupland street
Barnard, Edward, baker, Stowupland street
Barnard, Philip, beer retailer, Gipping street
Bellchambers, John, tailor and draper, Market-place
Bethel, F. W., bushel and harness maker, Ipswich street
Betts, Francis, carpenter and builder, Bury street
Bewley, Hunter, King’s Arms inn, Stowupland street
Bloomfield, Rebecca, shopkeeper, Bury st.
Bloomfield, Thomas W., the Railway tavern, Stowupland street
Boby, George, linen and woollen draper, tea-dealer and grocer,
Market-place
Boby, Robert, ironmonger, Market-place
Bowey, William, shopkeeper, Stowupland street
Bree, Charles, surgeon, Strickland
Brett, Thomas, tailor and draper, Ipswich street
Brett, Martha, grocer and haberdasher, Stowupland street
Brett, John, gardener, Duke’s Head inn, Ipswich street
Bridges, Samuel and Son, coach builders, Tavern street
Brook, A. M. and R., milliners and dress makers, Ipswich street
Broom, John, Carpenters’ Arms
Brownsmith, John, Fox and Hounds, Bury street
Caley, Samuel, fishmonger, Ipswich street
Carter, Sarah, day school for young ladies and gentlemen, Ipswich street
Chapman, John E., wine and spirit merchant, Ipswich road
Charles, Richard, outfitter, Market-place
Clarke, A., milliner, Tavern street
Clarke, Mary Anne, milliner, &c., Regent street
Claxton, George, painter, plumber, glazier, and earthenware dealer,
Market-place
Cobbold, James, porter’s lodge, Stowupland street
Codd, William, boot and shoemaker, and parish clerk, Ipswich street
Coe, Thomas, painter and decorator, Bury street
Cole, Thomas, commercial traveller, Tavern street
Cole, Thomas, cabinet maker, Childer road
Coleby, Ephraim, the Crown, Regent street
Coleman, Benjamin, the Pot of Flowers, Bury street
Collen, George, plumber, glazier, and corn merchant, Ipswich street
Colson, John, gun maker, Ipswich street
Colson, William, the Staff of Life, and shopkeeper, Stowupland street
Colson, John, boot and shoe maker, Stowupland street
Cordwell, Charles, boys’ school, Regent street
Corner, William, Pickerell inn, Stowupland street
Cracknell, George, basket maker, Stowupland street
Cracknell, Samuel, whitesmith in general, Bury street
Crawley, George, station master
Creasey, John, tailor, Bury street
Crispin, Thomas, pawnbroker, Butter Market
Cullum, Edward, Cricketers’ Arms, Childer place
Cuthbert, Gibbs E., tailor, White Hart, Crow street
Cuthbert, Thomas, butcher, Bury street
Cuthbert, Robert, bootmaker, Red Lion, Tavern street
Dade, Joseph, Bell inn, Bury road
Day, John, ozier merchant, Bury road
Day, John, beer retailer and boot and shoe maker, Churchyard
Dennis, Hannah, milliner and furrier, Bury street
Diaper, Abraham, shopkeeper, Bury street
Diaper, James, boot and shoe maker, Bury street
Diaper, James, wine, spirit, and porter merchant, agent for the General
Fire and Life Assurance, Stowupland street
Downing, Henry S., King’s Head, Ipswich street
Drake, Charles, tailor and draper, Ipswich street
Druce, William H., fancy toy shop
Druce, William, hair dresser, and fancy toy shop, Bury street
Durrant, Jeremiah, fishmonger, Stowupland street
Dye, John, shopkeeper, Gipping street
Earthy, Reuben, coach builder, Bury str.
Eley, Joseph, pork butcher, Ipswich str.
Ellis, Robert, carpenter and joiner, Ipswich road
Esling, Henry, painter, plumber, and glazier, Stowupland street
Felgate, Elizabeth, tailoress, Childer place
Felgate, William, grocer and draper, Bury street
Feltham, William, watch and clock maker, working silversmith and
jeweller, registrar of marriages for the district of Stow, and agent for
the Protector Life Assurance Society, Stowupland street
Fenton, Eliza, confectioner, Ipswich str.
Fiske, John, baker, Bury street
Footman and Company, linen and woollen drapers, hatters, &c., Tavern
street
Francis, Hannah, dyer, Bury street
Francis, James, umbrella maker, Bury street
Freeman, Spencer, surgeon, registrar of births and deaths, Market-place
Frewer, John Edwin, nurseryman, Violet hill nursery
Frewer, Mary, straw bonnet maker, Regent street
Frewer, Mary, knitting and crochet establishment, Market-place
Fuller, R. G., solicitor, Ipswich street
Garnham, George, manager for Footman and Co., linen draper, Tavern street
Gilson, John, butcher, Stowupland street
Gladwell, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Stowupland street
Gooderham, Charles, butcher, Ipswich st.
Gosling, Sophia, shopkeeper, Regent str.
Green, Sarah and Hannah, boarding and day academy for ladies, Bury street
Greengrass, George, baker, Childer road
Groom, Robert, carpenter, Gipping str.
Gudgeon, James, solicitor, Bury street
Harling, B. A., surgeon, Bury street
Harper, John W., surgeon, Stowupland street
Hayward, George, butcher, Bury street
Hayward, George, wheelwright, Regent street
Herring, William, supervisor, Stowupland road
Hewitt, William Robert, corn and timber merchant, Tavern street
Hopson, John, stone and marble mason, Bury street
Ives, James, boot and shoe maker and beer retailer, Ipswich street
Jackson, Abraham, superintendent of British Schools, Childer road
Jackson, Isaac, cooper, Bury street
Jackson, William, chemist and druggist, Market-place
King, Benjamin, maltster and merchant, h Tavern street
King, William, upholsterer, cabinet maker, and broker, Ipswich street
King, William, corn and coal merchant, Tavern street
Lambert, George, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Ipswich street
Lankester, Joseph A., grocer and draper, wine merchant, and tallow
melter, Market-place, and at Felsham
Larke, Sarah, dress maker, Bury street
Leathers, Ann, shopkeeper, Ipswich street
Lilystone, Charles, baker, Bakers’ Arms, Violet hill
Lilystone, William, shopkeeper, Bury street
Limmer, James, China and glass establishment, Market-place
Limmer, William F., confectioner, Market-place
Lock, John, farmer, Bury road
Lockwood, John, the Fox commercial hotel, and Inland Revenue office,
Ipswich street
Lusher, Elijah, the Hop Pole tavern, Stowupland street
Makens, Robert, butcher, Ipswich street
Malyan, William, Barge inn, Stowupland street
Martin, Phœbe, ladies’ boarding and day school, Bury street
Martin, John, miller, the Rose tavern, Butter market
Matthews, John, farmer, Bury road
Mc’Lachlan, John, brewer, Bury street
Miles, Edward F., whitesmith, Ipswich road
Mills, Elizabeth, straw bonnet maker, Ipswich street
Mills, William, White Horse inn, Stowupland street
Morly, Thomas, painter, plumber, and glazier, Bury street
Mumford and Chapman, wine and spirit merchants, and agents to the Suffolk
Alliance Fire and Life Office, Ipswich street
Myal, Leonard, Greyhound inn, Tavern street
Offord, James, cutler, Ipswich street
Ormes, Samuel, boot and shoe maker, Crow street
Palmer, William, baker, Stowupland str.
Palmer, Ellen, dress maker, Stowupland street
Parmenter, Isaac, China and glass dealer, hairdresser, and clerk to the
market, Market-place
Parker, William, baker and confectioner, Ipswich street
Paxman, Ann Smith, draper, Ipswich str.
Payne, Henry, solicitors’ clerk, Violet hill
Payne, James, house agent, Violet hill road
Payne, Emma, ladies’ boarding school, Violet hill
Pearson, John, painter, plumber, and glazier, Ipswich street
Pettit, Edward, merchants’ clerk, Childer road
Pooley, Thomas, broker, Stowupland street
Pooley, William, clothier, Butter market
Prentice and Hewitt, bar iron, timber, slate and coal merchants,
maltsters, &c., Stowupland street
Prentice, William, corn and timber merchant, h Market-place
Prentice, Samuel, grocer and draper, Market-place
Purr, William W., ironmonger, oil and colorman, Stowupland street
Raffe, Matilda, boot and shoe maker, Bury street
Reddish, Edward, boot and shoe maker, Market-place
Rednall, Ephraim, builder and surveyor, Ipswich street
Reynolds, John, miller, Ipswich street
Robinson, Frederic, ironmonger, Regent terrace
Rodwell, Edward, tailor, Crow street
Roper, David, boot and shoe maker, Regent street
Runneckles, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Bury street
Rush, Edward, pork shop and postman, Market-place
Rust, Isaac A., ironmonger, Bury street
Salmon, Edward, ironmonger and brazier, Ipswich street
Salmon, Thomas, and Tillott, Albert, tailors and drapers, Bury street
Salmon, William, corn, coal, and seed merchant, Stowupland street
Sawyer, Randall, carpenter and joiner, Regent street
Scrivener, Philip, watch and clock maker, silversmith, jeweller, dentist,
&c., Market-place
Sillett, John, superintendent of police, Tavern street
Simpson, Edward, stone mason, Ipswich road
Simpson, George B., private grammar school, Bury street
Simpson, Thomas, chemist and druggist, and agent for the Sun Fire office,
Bury street
Smith, Robert, miller, Ipswich street
Smith, Thomas, Inland Revenue officer, Bury street
Smith, William, blacksmith, Ipswich str.
Smyth, Francis, whitesmith, Bury street
Stegall, John G., miller, Bury street
Stevens, William, basket maker, Stowupland street
Stevens, J. W. and G., common brewers, Stowupland street
Stevens, George, brewer and maltster, Stowupland street
Strait, Elizabeth, preparatory school for boys, Ipswich road
Studd, William, hairdresser, Bury street
Suttle, Louisa, milliner and dress maker, Ipswich street
Suttle, William, dyer, Stowupland street
Sutton, William, Duke of Wellington, Stowupland road
Taylor, Henry T., sack, tilt, and grease manufacturer, Childer road
Tillott, Joseph, tailor, Tavern street
Tillott, T., corset and stay maker, Tavern street
Towcock, James, foreman, to Mr. Woods’ iron foundry, Childer road
Tricker, Robert, baker, Bury street
Tricker, William, shopkeeper, beer retailer, and cooper, Bury street
Turner, William, hurdle maker, Bury str.
Tydeman and Cracknell, furniture brokers’, Ipswich street
Tydeman, George, watch and clock maker, jeweller, and silversmith,
Ipswich street
Ward, Elizabeth, milliner and dress maker, Regent street
Ward, Joshua, boot and shoe maker, Regent street
Warne, Mr., farmer, Bury road
Webb, Henry, grocer and tea dealer, Bury street
Webb, L. and Son, curriers, tanners, and leather sellers, Stowupland
street
Wenham, William, pipe manufacturer, Stowupland road
Whayman, Owen, veterinary surgeon, Regent street
Williams, Charles, Queen’s Head, Stowupland street
Williams, James, White Lion, Stowupland street
Williams, Robert, grocer and tea dealer, Stowupland street
Woods, James, manufacturer of agricultural machinery and implements,
Suffolk iron works
Woolby, Arthur B., bookseller, printer, and stationer, Ipswich street
Woolby, Thomas B., postmaster, Ipswich street
Worledge, Robert, tailor, Stowupland str.
Wright, Samuel, saddle and harness maker, Tavern street
Youngman, Thomas, confectioner, Ipswich street




NEEDHAM MARKET.


NEEDHAM MARKET.  A railway station and well-built town, lighted with gas;
is a hamlet of the parish of Barking.  It is situated on the Eastern
Union Railway, 76¾ miles from London, 8¾ from Ipswich, 3½ from
Stowmarket, and is bounded on the east by the navigable river Gipping.
This town is in Bosmere and Claydon hundred and union, Norwich bishopric
East Suffolk.

The living is a perpetual curacy, of the annual value of £91, in the gift
of the rector for the time being of the parish of Barking.  The Rev. G.
A. Paske, is the incumbent.  The church is dedicated to St. John the
Baptist.  It is a humble structure, with wooden belfry.  There is a Free
Grammar School for the education of 21 youths, connected with the church.

There is an Independent chapel, of which the Rev. Joseph Perkins is
minister, and connected therewith is a British School.  The Society of
Friends also have a small meeting, and a Girls’ Free School attached.
The almshouses are for 8 poor persons, and the occupiers have a small
weekly allowance, with coals and candles.  The population in 1851 was
1,367, and it occupies nearly 1000 acres.  The Rt. Hon. the Earl of
Ashburnham is lord of the manor.  A fair is held on October 28th.  There
is a manufactory for crown glue in this town.  In 1850, a public library
and reading room was established here.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Bedingfield, Miss Caroline, High street
Bedingfield, Miss Harriet, High street
Burlingham, Mr. Thomas, High street
Catchpole, Mrs., High street
Clarke, Mr. William, High street
Maw, Mrs. Lucy, High street
Maw, Samuel Alexander, agent for Alexander and Co’s bank, High street
Paske, Rev. George Alexander, perpetual curate of Needham Market
Sammons, Rev. John Coulson, M.A., head master of the grammar school,
Needham Market, and curate of Gipping
Squires, Mrs. Rachel, High street
Ward, Mrs., High street
Wilkinson, Mr. B., High street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abbott, Mr. Jonathan, farmer; h High street
Bayley, James T., grocer and draper, High street
Baker, John, superintendent, police station, High street
Baskett, James, shopkeeper, High street
Baskett, Robert, boot and shoe maker, and leather seller, High street
Beard, Philip, watch and clock maker, High street
Beck, Thomas B., surgeon, Valley House, Creeting St. Mary
Beck, Henry, surgeon, High street
Bedingfield, James, M. D., Longville House, Needham Market
Blomfield, Thomas, painter, plumber and glazier, High street
Bowell, Robert, pork shop, High street
Brill, John, station-master, Needham station
Brook, Mr. James B., solicitor, High street
Brooke, Richard C., boot and shoe maker and fancy repository, High street
Brown, Edward, blacksmith, High street
Burrell, Henry R., watch and clock maker, High street
Button, Robert, Victoria Arms, High str.
Chapman, William, cabinet-maker, &c., Hawk Mill street
Childrick, John, millwright, Hawk Mill street
Childrick, William, miller, Hawk Mill st.
Clabon, William, wheelwright, High str.
Claxton, Edward, blacksmith, High street
Clover, John, butcher, High street
Cookson, Rev. Frederic, curate of Combs; h High street
Cooper, Mrs. Mary, painter, plumber, and glazier, China shop, High street
Dearing, John, saddle and harness maker, High street
Fairweather, Lionel, pork shop, High str.
Fairweather, Samuel, Queen’s Head inn, Hawk Mill street
Fox, John, grocer, High street
Garnham, Mrs. Susan, shopkeeper, High street
Garrod, Frederic John, watch and clock maker, jeweller and silversmith,
High street
Garrard and Paddle, grocers and drapers, High street
Godfrey, Henry, carpenter and joiner, High street
Green, John, tailor, &c., High street
Groom, Robert, boot and shoe maker, High street
Haggar, Joseph, rakemaker, Coddenham road
Haggar, Samuel, the Swan inn commercial posting house, High street
Hall, Robert, gardener, Bridge street
Harrington, Allen, chemist and druggist, High street
Hayward, John, butcher, High street
Hayward, Frederic, solicitor, clerk to the magistrates for Bosmere and
Claydon Hundred, superintendent registrar
Hazell, James, shopkeeper, High street
Jeckell, Robert, accountant, High street
Kerridge, Miss Celia, school governess, High street
Lockwood, Luke, baker, High street
Lockwood, William, baker, High street
Lovick, Mary Ann, beer retailer, High street
Lucas, Thomas, baker, Bridge street
Martin, Enoch, George commercial inn, High street
Mount, Mary Ann, Rampant Horse inn, Coddenham road
Mount, William, wireworker, High street
Mulley, Edward, broker, Chapel street
Page, Thomas, tailor and confectioner, High street
Pennington, James, surgeon, Chapel str.
Potter, Thomas, basket-maker, High str.
Quinton, John, druggist, bookseller, and stationer, stamp office, High
street
Rabitt, Susan, milliner and dressmaker, High street
Rainbird, John, shopkeeper and fishmonger, High street
Read, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, High street
Read, William, boot and shoe maker, High street
Ruffell, Francis, beer retailer, High street
Sage, Susan, King’s Head inn, High str.
Sage, William, carrier to Ipswich every Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday,
High street
Scopes, Henry, the Bull, Bridge street
Scopes, Richard, bricklayer, &c., Stowmarket road
Scopes, Susan, whitening maker, Stowmarket road
Simpson and Son, coopers and timber dealers, manufacturers of all kinds
of bent timber, High street
Snell, Samuel, farmer, High street
Soughgate, Abraham, miller, High street
Soughgate, Mrs. John, flour seller, High street
Steward, George, maltster, High street
Steward, John, blacksmith, High street
Stewart, William James, solicitor, High street
Studd, George, hairdresser, High street
Studd, John, tailor, &c., High street
Taylor, Miss Ann, day school for young ladies, High street
Taylor, Thomas, librarian to the lecture room, High street
Taylor, William, grocer, draper, and baker, Bull lane
Tydeman, Mrs. Harriet, Three Tuns inn, Hawk Mill street
Tydeman, John, post-master, post-office, High street
Vincent, Jonathan, veterinary surgeon, High street
Ward, Mrs. Sophia, brick and lime works, High street
Webb, Frederic, beer retailer, High street
Wells, Mrs. Maria, straw bonnet maker, High street
Woodward, John, grocer and draper, High street
Woollard, George, whitesmith and bell-hanger, High street
Woollard, Jane, straw bonnet maker, High street
Wright, Freeman, crown glue manufacturer
Wright, Henry, beer retailer, High street




WOODBRIDGE


Woodbridge, in East Suffolk, is a parish and market town, and port, on
the banks of the river Deben, 76 miles from London, and 8 N.E. from
Ipswich.  The population in 1851 was 5,000.  The town is well lighted
with gas; it consists principally of four streets.  Large quantities of
corn and malt are shipped from Woodbridge; and the imports are very
considerable, consisting of coal, timber, seed, oilcake, wine, spirits,
&c.  Upwards of 50 vessels are connected with the port.  A very extensive
market is held on Wednesday, for corn and cattle.  Fairs are held on the
first Tuesday in April, and Michaelmas day and the day following.  A
county court is held here.  The petty sessions are every Wednesday, and
quarter sessions are held here.

The Parish Church, dedicated to St. Mary, is a very handsome structure,
and in 1840, was repaired and decorated at the expence of George Thomas,
Esq.  The living is a perpetual curacy; the Rev. T. W. Meller, M.A., is
the present incumbent—annual value, £329.  A new church, dedicated to St.
John, has been completed within the last 8 years.  The Rev. Joseph
Rowley, B.A., is minister.  The Wesleyans, Independents, and Society of
Friends, have each a chapel here.

                                * * * * *

SEKFORDE HOSPITAL.  Governors—Right Honourable Sir John Romilly, Master
of the Rolls.  Right Honourable Sir John Jervis, Knight, Lord Chief
Justice of Common Pleas.  Chaplain—Rev. William Thomas Meller, M.A.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Aldous, Mr. William, Sekford street
Alexanders and Co., bankers; F. Alexander, Esq., resident partner, Church
st.
Allen, Miss Lydia, Thoroughfare
Baily, Mrs. Mary, St. John’s street
Baldry, Mrs. Mary, Church street
Brooke, George, Esq., Cumberland street
Carthew, Mrs. Charlotte, Cumberland str.
Clarke, Mrs., Bredfield street
Cook, Mr. William, Brook street
Daniels, Misses, St. John’s street
Doughty, Frederic, Esq., Cumberland st.
Duffy, Rev. Aaron, Independent minister, Quay side
Garrard, Mr. William, Thoroughfare
Gissing, Mrs. Ann, Cumberland street
Griffiths, Rev. David, Independent minister, New street
Grimwood, Mrs., St. John’s street
Hart, Mr. Daniel, Quay House
Heard, Mrs. E., Castle street
Hillen, Mr. Robert, the Quay
Hughes, Thomas William, M.R.C.S., Cumberland street
Hughes, Rev. Thomas William, B.A., chaplain of the Suffolk asylum,
Cumberland street
Hunt, Mrs. Harriet, St. John’s street
Jackson, Rev. Postle, head master of the Free Grammar school, Sekford
street
Knight, Mrs. Ann, Thoroughfare
Linstead, Mr. John, St. John’s Church street
Loder, Mr. Charles, Thoroughfare
Martin, Mr. William, Thoroughfare
Martin, Mr. William, Doric place
Miller, Rev. T. W., rector of St. Mary’s; rectory house
Morley, Mr. William, Thoroughfare
Norton, William, Esq.
Pulham, James, Esq., Sekford street
Rowley, Rev. Joseph Moss, incumbent, St. John’s: h St. Johns parsonage
Sheming, Mr. Thomas, Cumberland street
Taylor, Rev. Henry: h Chapel lane
Toll, Miss Hannah, Seckford street
Turner, Mrs., St. John’s street
Wainwright, Miss Rachel and Miss Elizabeth, Church street
Watson, Rev. Christopher George, rector of Melton: h Church street
Whitnall, Mrs. Elizabeth, Castle street
Wilson, Miss Mary, Doric place



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Adcock, George, national school master, Castle street
Aldring, W. H., milliner and dressmaker, Thoroughfare
Alexander and Co., bankers, Church str.
Alexander, William, boot and shoe maker, Sekford street
Allcock, Thomas, baker, Market-hill
Allen, John, the Royal William, Theatre street
Allen, Alethea, corset maker, Cumberland street
Allen, Loder, plumber and glazier, Church street
Amos, Sarah, private lodging house, Cumberland street
Andrews, Jonathan, builder, St. John’s street
Andrews, W. F., grocer and tea dealer, registrar of marriages, agent to
Royal Liverpool Insurance and Accidental office, Thoroughfare and Market
hill
Bacon, Cobbold, and Co., bankers, Thoroughfare
Baker, James, watch maker, Thoroughfare
Baldwin, C. A., Free Trade tavern, Sekford street
Balls, Mary Ann, pork butcher, Sekford st.
Balls, Edward, tailor, Thoroughfare
Bannister, William G., British schoolmaster, St. John’s terrace
Bardwell, Elmer, broker and grocer, Cumberland street
Barnes, Robert, shop keeper, Thoroughfare
Barritt, James, confectioner, Church str.
Batchelor, Richard, grocer and tea dealer, Thoroughfare
Baxter, Isaac, green grocer, Sekford street
Baxter, Harriet, dress maker, Doric place
Baxter, Sarah, blacksmith, Brook street
Bays, Thomas, hat manufacturer, Market-place
Beckett, John, farming bailiff, Kingston road
Beecroft, Sarah, milliner and dress maker, Church street
Beecroft, William, grocer and tea dealer, Church street
Bendall, James, iron and brass founder, Thoroughfare
Berry, Sharman West, gun manufacturer, Market hill
Betts, John, farmer, Thoroughfare
Betts, John, chemist, druggist, and colorman, Thoroughfare
Beverley, Sarah, and Stubbs, Eliza, fancy repository, Thoroughfare
Bird, Emma, dress and cloak maker, St. John’s street
Bird, Robert, librarian to the Mechanics’ institution, St. John’s street
Bloxsome, Joseph, linen draper, Church street
Bond, Samuel, tailor, &c., Wellington inn, Cumberland street
Braham, Robert, boot maker, New street
Brickles, John, bricklayer, Castle street
Brickles, Margaret, shopkeeper, Castle street
Brighten, George, haircutter, Quay
Brinkley, William, butcher, Church street
Broadbank, Rosa, straw bonnet maker, New street
Broadbank, William, boot maker, New street
Broadbank, T., plumber, glazier, and painter, Brook street
Brook, Henry William, wine and spirit merchant, stock and share broker,
Church street
Brooks, German, Queen’s Head inn, Sekford street
Brown, Joseph F., tailor, woollen draper, and hatter, Thoroughfare
Buckmaster, Mark, brewer, St. John’s str.
Bull, Elizabeth, dress maker, Brook str.
Bunn, Walter, Saddlers’ Arms, Castle street
Burditt, John, watch maker, jeweller, and silversmith, Thoroughfare
Burrows, Charles, pawnbroker, silversmith, and jeweller, Church street
Burrows, John, whitesmith, Angel lane
Butters, John, boot and shoe maker, New street
Butters, Joseph, boot and shoe maker, Thoroughfare
Cage, John, tin-plate worker, New street
Cana, Robert, agent for the Norwich Fire and Life Assurance society,
commissioner for taking special bails for the counties of Suffolk,
Norfolk, Essex, and Cambridgeshire
Carr, John, baker, Castle street
Carr, James, boot and shoe maker, and leather cutter, Thoroughfare
Catchpole, John, bookseller, stationer and fancy repository, Thoroughfare
Chappell, William George, tailor and woollen draper, Church street
Charters, Sophia Augusta, King’s Arms, Thoroughfare
Clarke, Henry, green grocer, New street
Cole, Jacob, butcher, Church street
Cole, James, beer retailer, Cumberland street
Cook, Thomas, coach builder, New street
Cook, Alfred, auctioneer, appraiser, and estate agent, Thoroughfare
Cook, Thomas, the Coopers’ Arms, Market hill
Cook, Alfred B., the Swan inn, Market hill
Cook, Alfred Thomas, estate agent and auctioneer, Thoroughfare
Cork, Henry, rope and twine manufacturer, Church street
Cousins, William, bricklayer, Sekford street
Cowing, Samuel, Stannon inn, Brewer’s lane
Cranmer, Alexander, King’s Head inn, Market hill
Cross, James, rod merchant, &c., Thoroughfare
Crowe, Davy, grocer and tea dealer, Church street
Culham, John, pork butcher, New street
Culham, William, ironmonger, brazier, and tin-plate worker, Thoroughfare
Cullingford, Samuel, linen draper, Thoroughfare
Cullingford, Anne, milliner and dress maker, Thoroughfare
Cullingford, Joseph, builder, St. John’s street
Curtis, John, felmonger, Brewer’s lane
Cutting, James, boot and shoe maker, Church street
Dallenger, John, accountant, Thoroughfare
Daniels, William, baker and beer retailer, Cumberland street
Dawson, James, captain of merchant vessel, Thoroughfare
De Medewe and Brooke, solicitors, agents to the Globe Insurance office,
the Rock Insurance, and the Female Provident Society, New street
Dickerson, William, shopkeeper, Cumberland street
Dove, Benjamin, bricklayer and builder, Castle street
Dougar, Robert, railway contractor, Cumberland street
Downing, Edward, coach builder, Thoroughfare
Dowsing, William, corn chandler, New street
Dowsing, William, shoeing smith, Chapel lane
Durrant, Isaac, saddle and harness maker, Thoroughfare
Dunnett, Philip, hairdresser, &c., Market hill
Easto, John, and Co., grocers, tea dealers, and tallow chandlers, Church
street
Edwards, Henry, wine and spirit merchant, Thoroughfare, h Church street
Edwards, Henry, jun., maltster and merchant, h Church street
Edwards, Henry, sen., wine and spirit merchant, Thoroughfare
Elliott, Henry, miller, Mill hill
Ellis, Benjamin, watch and clock maker, Thoroughfare
Everett, Lucy, boarding school for young ladies, Brook house, Cumberland
street
Fenn, E., boarding and day school for young gentlemen, Cumberland street
Fenn, Mary Ann, boarding and day school for young ladies, Cumberland
street
Fisher, Henry, locker to the Custom house, Quay lane
Fisher, William, confectioner and baker, Thoroughfare
Fisk, Eunice, corset maker, St. John’s terrace
Fisk, Samuel, cabinet maker and upholsterer, St. John’s street
Fitzgerald, Edward, superintendent of the East Suffolk police division
Footman and Co., linen drapers, Thoroughfare
Foreman, John, gardener and seedsman, New street
Fosdike, John, bricklayer and plasterer, St. John’s terrace
Francis, Sarah, dyer, Cumberland street
Freeman, Charles, draper, Thoroughfare
Frost, John, builder, St. John’s street
Frost, William, cooper, Thoroughfare
Gall, Benjamin D., chemist and druggist, and cashier of the savings’
bank, Thoroughfare
Gall, George, furnishing ironmonger, Church street
Gammage, Benjamin, baker and confectioner, Thoroughfare
Gammage, James, baker, Cumberland street
Garnham, John, Royal Oak, Thoroughfare
Garrard, George, master mariner, Brewer’s lane
Garrard, Eliza, milliner, Brewer’s lane
Garrard, Charles, master mariner, Brewer’s lane
Garrard, William and Charles, boat and ship builders, Brook street
Gennills, John, turner, Castle street
Gibbs, Susan, dressmaker, St. John’s street
Gibbs, William G., master mariner, St. John’s street
Giles, George, rope manufacturer, New street
Giles, George, boot and shoe maker, Thoroughfare
Gillingham, George, the Anchor, Quay lane
Gissing, John S., surgeon, &c., Market hill
Godbould, George, veterinary surgeon, the Sun inn, Thoroughfare
Goodwin, Susanna, ladies’ day and boarding school, Church street
Goldsmith Thomas, machine maker, shopkeeper, and agent for Ransomes and
Sims’ agricultural implements, Market hill
Gray, Samuel, butcher, Sekford street
Green, Robert, haircutter, New street
Grimwood, William, brushmaker, Cumberland street
Grimwood, T. W., and G. A., timber, slate, tar, and cement merchants,
Woodbridge and Snape bridge
Gross, Frederic, wine and spirit merchant, offices, Thoroughfare, h
Church street
Gross, James and Co., grocers, tea dealers, wine and spirit merchants,
Thoroughfare
Gross, Alfred, accountant, Sekford street
Gurney, Godfrey, the Cross inn, Church street
Gurney, John, painter, plumber, and glazier, Cumberland street
Hambly, Parmenas, clerk, Castle street
Hammond, James, pork and poultry dealer, Church street
Harding, Amos, smith and wheelwright, Theatre street
Harris, William, shopkeeper and carrier from Woodbridge to Ipswich,
Chapel street
Hart, John, and Wrinch, Henry, maltsters, corn, coal, and seed merchants,
Woodbridge
Hartridge, James, coach proprietor, St. John’s street
Hartridge, James, coach proprietor, New street
Hartridge, William, coach office and shopkeeper, New street
Hayward, Emma, milliner and dressmaker, Church street
Hayward, James, estate and fire and life insurance agent, Castle street
Hayward, Robert, grocer and draper, St. John’s street
Head, Mary, furniture broker, New street
Heffer, John, painter, plumber, and glazier, St. John’s street
Hildyard, John, watch and clock maker, jeweller, and silversmith,
Thoroughfare
Hornor, Mrs. boarding and day school for young ladies, Doric place
Houghton, John, clerk and sexton to St. John’s, Castle street
How, John, Boat inn, the Quay
Hunt, James, boot and shoe maker and leather seller, Thoroughfare
Hunting, William, greengrocer, New street
Issett, John W., hardwareman, agent to the County Fire and Provident Life
Insurance offices, Thoroughfare
Jasper, William H., carpenter, &c., Theatre street
Jeffries, Alfred, painter, plumber, and glazier, Thoroughfare
Jeffries, John, seedsman and florist, Thoroughfare
Jeffries, John, florist and seedsman, Castle street
Johnstone, Thomas M., collector of Customs, North Hill Cottage
Jones, Richard, surgeon, Church street
Jones, Thomas, supervisor, St. John’s terrace
Keeble, William, ship agent, Castle street
Keeble, William, hairdresser and perfumer, Thoroughfare
Keel, Robert, painter, &c. New street
Kemp, Susan, milliner and dressmaker, Thoroughfare
Kemp, John, boot and shoe maker, Castle street
Kemp, George, grocer and tea dealer, Cumberland street
Kemp, William, ironmonger, Market hill
Kent, Edwin, general draper and silk mercer, Market hill
Larter, Jonathan, boot and shoe maker, Bredfield street
Last, S., boarding and day school for young ladies, St. John’s street
Last, Elizabeth, dressmaker, St. John’s street
Last, Edward, cooper, Cumberland street
Law, William, Lion inn, Eastern Counties Railway Goods Depôt,
Thoroughfare
Laurance, William, the Ship, Quay
Leech, Francis, gardener, Castle street
Lincoln, James, shopkeeper, Bay Horse, Castle street
Ling, George, maltster, offices, Brewer’s lane, h Bedford
Lockwood, William, jun., brewer, sole agent for Truman and Hanbury’s
porter and stout, Castle street
Loder, John, bookseller, stationer, printer, and binder, agent for the
Advertiser East Suffolk Newspaper, Thoroughfare
Loder, John, jun., auctioneer, office, Thoroughfare: h Doric place
London, William, accountant, Thoroughfare
Lucock, Mrs. Sarah, Cherry Tree inn, Cumberland street
Lucock, Thomas, registrar of births and deaths, Castle street
Mallett, William, plumber and glazier, Market hill
Mallett, John, painter, plumber, and glazier, Sekford street
Mallett, Mary, dress and cloak maker, Market hill
Manby, George, general merchant, Thoroughfare
Markham, Miss Maria, milliner, &c., Thoroughfare
Marsh, William N., hairdresser and perfumer, Market hill
Marshall, Charles, surgeon, Thoroughfare
Matthews, William, the Tankards, New street
Mayes, Miss Sarah, dressmaker, Doric place
Mayhew, Samuel, general hardware dealer, Thoroughfare
Mayhew, James, confectioner and baker, Market hill
Mickleburgh, Mrs. Emma, clothier and corn chandler, Market hill
Middleditch, George, butcher, Market hill
Minter, James, confectioner and baker, Market hill
Moore, William, surgeon, Cumberland st.
Moore, George, solicitor and county treasurer, Cumberland street
Moore, Martin, brazier, engraver, &c., Thoroughfare
Moore, George, solicitor and county treasurer, Cumberland street
Moore, William, surgeon, Cumberland st.
Moore, William C., painter, plumber, and glazier, New street
Morley, Joseph R., china, glass, and earthenware dealer, Thoroughfare
Moss, Rosamond, straw hat maker, Sekford street
Moulton, Benjamin, auctioneer and land surveyor, clerk to the guardians
of the Woodbridge Union, and superintendent registrar, Thoroughfare
Munro, John D., bookseller, stationer, and post-master, Church street
Naunton, Charles, watchmaker, Chapel lane
Neale, Horace, grocer and tea dealer, agent to the Phœnix Fire Office,
Thoroughfare
Newson, Mrs. Mary Ann, milliner, &c., St. John’s street
Norris, George, watch and clock maker, Market hill
Nunn, H. & C., milliners and dressmakers, St. John’s street
Nunn, James, brazier, New street
Osborn, Mr. S., miller, Theatre street
Owles, Charles, whitesmith, &c., New st.
Oxx, Amos, corn chandler and game dealer, Thoroughfare
Palmer, Miss Caroline E., ladies’ day school, Thoroughfare
Palmer, Henry, shopkeeper and baker, Sekford street
Passifull, Edward, captain of a merchant vessel, St. John’s street
Pattison, William, architect, St. John’s Church street
Peake, Charles, Golden Lion, Market hill
Peake, Thomas, builder, surveyor, and brick merchant, agent for Leeds and
Yorkshire Life and Fire Assurance Company, Cumberland street
Peckham, Alfred S., inland revenue officer, Sekford street
Pitcher, John, accountant, New street
Pite, Edward, printer and bookseller, Church street
Pite, George Alfred, linen draper, Thoroughfare
Pite, Mary Ann, milliner and straw hat maker, Church street
Pizey, Henry, auctioneer, &c., Cumberland street
Pizey, Philip, printer, bookseller, and deputy registrar, New street
Pooley, Emma, Cock and Pie inn, New street
Potwright, Sarah, milliner and dressmaker, Castle street
Quadling, George, Waggon and Horses, Bredfield street
Quinton, Mrs. stay and corset maker, St. John’s street
Quinton, Richard, shopkeeper, Sekford street
Read, Alfred, greengrocer, &c., Thoroughfare
Read, George, greengrocer, Theatre street
Rebett, Brady, grinding cutler, New str.
Reeve, Mr. A., solicitor; offices, Thoroughfare; h Melton
Revell, William, grocer and tea dealer, Cumberland street
Revell, William, pork butcher, Cumberland street
Reynolds, William, officer of the inland revenue, Kingston road
Richardson, John, fishmonger, St. John’s street
Riches, John, tailor, Castle street
Robertson, Margaret, preparatory school for young ladies and gentlemen,
Castle street
Salmon, John, Crown hotel, posting house and receiving office for
parcels, Thoroughfare
Salmon, John, Bull commercial inn, Market hill
Sawyer, Christian, shopkeeper, Chapel lane
Sawyer, John, Horse and Groom, Cumberland street
Scolding, William, White Horse inn, Market hill
Scott, Mrs. Thomas, milliner, Thoroughfare
Scott, Thomas, draper, Thoroughfare
Scrutton, John, cabinet-maker and upholsterer, Thoroughfare
Scrutton, William, baker, Brook street
Seaman, James, carpenter and builder, Thoroughfare
Sheming, Fenn, farmer, Cumberland str.
Ship, Joseph, saddler, St. John’s street
Shribbs, James, manager to the E.C.R. Company, goods department; h
Cumberland street
Silver, Thomas T., ironmonger, Church street
Simpson, Frances Ann, milliner and dressmaker, New street
Simpson, Thomas, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Thoroughfare
Skinner, John, greengrocer, Thoroughfare
Smith, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, Sekford street
Smith, Henry, fishmonger, Thoroughfare
Smyth, William, basket and sieve maker, Thoroughfare
Smith, James R., chemist and druggist, Market hill
Smith, James, master mariner, Quay lane
Smith, Robert, butcher, New street
Smyth, Mrs. Lydia and Miss Leah, boarding and day school for young
ladies, Bredfield street
Southgate, Henry, coffee and eating house, Church street
Stanford, Harriet, milliner, Thoroughfare
Stannard, William, the Bell inn, New st.
Stananought, John, whitesmith and inspector of weights and measures, New
street
Steel, William, the Grapes inn, Bredfield street
Stephenson, William, stone and marble mason, Thoroughfare
Stimpson, Ann, dressmaker, St. John’s terrace
Syer, John, cabinet maker, Cumberland street
Taylor, Alfred, bailiff of the County Court, New street
Taylor, Samuel, confectioner and baker, New street
Thompson, George, county surveyor, Doric place
Thompson, George Edward, corn merchant, Thoroughfare
Thompson, Robert, china, glass, and earthenware dealer, Thoroughfare
Tills, William, corn and coal merchant, Thoroughfare
Trott, George, shipowner, Castle street
Trafford, Susan, shopkeeper, Sekford str.
Trott, Pierce, miller, Birket road
Trott, William, shipowner, Quay lane
Tuck, Charles, chemist and druggist, shop, Church street, h Sekford
street
Turner, Catherine, greengrocer, New str.
Turner, George, butcher, Thoroughfare
Turner, John, butcher, Thoroughfare
Turner, Robert, farmer, Dry Bridge hill
Turner, Wm. clothier and shoemaker, Chapel lane
Tye, William, shopkeeper, Sekford Arms, Sekford street
Wade, George, hairdresser, Cumberland street
Wade, Martha, straw bonnet maker, Cumberland street
Wade, Maria, confectioner and baker, Thoroughfare
Waller, Jeremiah, boot and shoe maker, Castle street
Ward, Ann, upholstress, New street
Waspe, Mary Ann, milliner and dressmaker, St. John’s street
Webb, James, boot and shoe maker, Castle street
Webb, James, sen., boot and shoe maker, Thoroughfare
Welton, Julia, boot and shoe maker, New street
Westrup, John, the Angel inn, Theatre street
Whayman, Matthias, confectioner and baker, St. John’s street
Whincopp, William, wine merchant, Market hill
Whisstock, Frederic, house agent, Sekford street
Whisstock, Mary, boarding and day school for young ladies, Castle street
Whisstock, William, tailor and draper, Thoroughfare
Wilmshurst, William, Mariners’ Arms, New street
Wilson, William, town crier, Angel lane
Woods, John, master mariner, St. John’s street
Woods, Robert, sailmaker and shopkeeper, Plough inn, Bredfield street
Wood, John, solicitor and coroner, offices, Church street, h Thoroughfare
Woods, Charles, boot and shoe maker, St. John’s street
Woods, John and Son, nursery and seedsmen, Cumberland street
Woods, Jane, straw bonnet maker, New street
Wright, Jeremiah. jun., tailor and woollen draper, Church street
Wright, Harriet, dyer, Thoroughfare
Wright, William, boot and shoe maker, Church street
Wright, James, shopkeeper, Bredfield st.
Wright, John, baker, Bredfield street
Wright, John, plumber and glazier, Brook street
Wrinch, Henry, corn merchant, Cumberland street
Youell, John, horsebreaker, Cutting’s lane




IPSWICH.


Ipswich is a flourishing market town and port, and the capital of the
Eastern division of the county of Suffolk, pleasantly situated on the
North-east side of the Gripping.  By means of the Eastern Union Railway,
Ipswich has now a direct communication with London, Colchester, Norwich,
Peterborough, and all parts of the kingdom, and is distant 68 miles N.E.
of London; 17 miles N.E. of Colchester; 45 S. of Norwich; 54 S.S.W. of
Yarmouth; 8½ W.S.W. of Woodbridge; and 26 miles S.E. by E. of Bury St.
Edmund’s.  Contained in 1831, 20,454 inhabitants; in 1841, 24,000; and in
1851, 32,697.  It stands on a gentle declivity, forming part of a circle
round a reach of the river, and over which there is an iron bridge,
leading to Stoke.

The Public Buildings are—the Town Hall; the Custom House, situated on the
Quay; the Corn Exchange; the County Gaol; and the Borough Gaol, in the
front of which are the Courts for holding the Summer Assizes, and the
Sessional business of the district.  This is an Assize town for Suffolk,
place of election, polling place for East Suffolk, a Poor Law Union, and
a County Court.  The chief trade of the town arises from the export of
corn, malt, cheese, and butter, agricultural implements, &c.

Messrs. Ransomes and Sims., the celebrated agricultural implement makers,
have opened an immense trade and manufacture in the town during the last
few years.  The Eagle Foundry of Mr. Mason, and St. Peter’s Foundry,
belonging to Messrs. Turner, are large establishments, and employ a large
number of hands.  There are breweries, maltings, tanneries, ship and boat
yards, coach works, cooperages, rope yards, shot foundry, anastatic
printing works, soapery, seed mills, manufactory of bricks, tiles, Roman
cement, artificial stone, lime, tobacco pipes, baskets, &c.

The Orwell is noted for its picturesque beauty.  This river has been much
improved and deepened, and a wet dock has been formed, comprising an area
of 33 acres, in which vessels drawing from 14 to 15 feet of water can at
all times lay afloat.  The trade and commerce of this port has very
materially increased since its formation.  Steam vessels sail every tide
to Harwich.

The Market for corn and cattle is held on Tuesday, and the general Market
on Tuesday and Saturday.  St. George’s Fair is held on the first Tuesday
in May, and two following days, there is also a Stock Fair at the same
time.  The Lamb Fair on August 22nd, and two following days, is held at
Handford Hall Farm, and is a considerable Fair for the sale of lambs and
stock.  There are also monthly sales by auction for horses, cattle, &c.,
conducted by Mr. J. W. Knights, at his sale yard.  The Corporation
consists of the mayor, 10 aldermen, and 30 town councillors.  The town is
divided into five wards, viz., St. Clement’s, St. Margaret’s, Middle
ward, Bridge ward, and Westgate Gate; each ward returns six councillors
for three years, two go out of office every year.  There is a Borough
Police.  Since the year 1839, the Summer Assizes have been held here.
The Petty Sessions are held here, and here is a Court both for civil and
criminal causes.  No freeman can be compelled to serve on juries out of
the town, or to discharge the duties of county officers, excepting that
of Sheriff.  The borough returns two members to Parliament.  The parishes
are—St. Clement, with 7,050 inhabitants; St. Mary Key, 1,013; St.
Lawrence, 590; St. Margaret, 5,892; St. Helen, 2,593; St. Stephen, 522;
St. Mary Tower, 995; St. Mary Westfield, 324; St. Matthew, 5,806; St.
Peter, 2,541; St. Mary Stoke, 2,031; St. Nicholas, 1,940; St. Mary Elms,
1,051; and St. Mary Whitton, 476.  Trinity church is a chapel of ease to
St. Clement’s.  Here are a Jews’ Synagogue, Roman Catholic chapel, 5
Baptist chapels, 2 Independent chapels, an Unitarian chapel, a Quakers’
meeting house, 3 Wesleyan chapels, a Primitive Methodists’, and a
Swedenborgian chapel.

There are many objects of interest to the antiquarian in and about the
town.  A very fine building was erected on the common Quay in 1845, the
centre of which is appropriated as a hall of commerce.

The MECHANICS’ INSTITUTION is in a very flourishing condition and has a
library of more than 4000 volumes.

The LITERARY INSTITUTION, held in a portion of the Town Hall, has
belonging to it a library of ancient and modern literature.  The
Philosophical and Philological Societies hold fortnightly meetings, from
September to March.

Here are also a Museum, Theatre, Temperance Hall, Public Bath, Fine Art
Association, French and Theological Libraries.  There are several Charity
Schools, Almshouses, and many charitable institutions, amongst which are
the Suffolk and Ipswich Hospital and Dispensary, with 30 beds, situated
in Berners street.

About a mile Westward from the town is Sproughton Chantry; the mansion,
from its elevated position, commands an extensive and picturesque view of
the adjacent country.  Other seats in the neighbourhood are Birkfield
Lodge, Holy Wells, the Red House, and Stoke Park, the seat of Peter
Robert Burrell, Esq.

ST. CLEMENT’S CHURCH, erected about 1500, is a plain structure,
consisting of a nave, two spacious side-aisles, and a fine tower, in
which are a good clock and six musical bells.  A few years ago, the
interior was re-seated, and the exterior flinted and thoroughly repaired.
Among the monuments in the interior is one to the memory of Thomas
Eldred, who accompanied Cavendish in his circumnavigation of the globe,
during the years 1586–7–8.  The benefice is a rectory, consolidated with
that of St. Helen’s, and now valued at £326 per annum.  In monastic
times, it was appropriated to the Priory of St. Peter.  The executors of
the late Rev. J. T. Nottidge are patrons, and the Rev. W. W. Wodehouse,
M.A., is the incumbent.

TRINITY CHURCH is a Chapel of Ease, or District Church, erected in 1835,
at a cost of £2,000, by the late Rev. J. T. Nottidge, then patron and
incumbent.  The present incumbent is the Rev. F. H. Maude.

ST. HELEN’S CHURCH, on the East side of the town, is of very ancient
foundation, but was rebuilt in 1835, and neat brick transepts added in
1837; and a few years ago the nave was rebuilt and fitted with new open
benches.  It was anciently appropriated to the Leprous hospital of St.
James, or Mary Magdalen, which stood near it; but it is now a rectory,
which ever since the Reformation, has been consolidated with that of St.
Clement’s, and is valued in K.B. at £8 13s. 9d.

ST. LAWRENCE’S CHURCH is a plain but ancient fabric, which is mentioned
in Domesday Book, but is said to have been rebuilt in 1431 by John
Bottold, who was buried in it, as also was Edmund Daundy, one of the
benefactors of the town, who died in 1515.  Upon the wall, behind the
western gallery, is a painting of Christ disputing with the doctors,
executed by Sir R. K. Porter, a military officer, during his sojourn at
the barracks here.  The benefice was appropriated to Trinity Priory, and
is now a perpetual curacy, valued at £175.  The parishioners are patrons;
the Rev. J. C. Aldrich, incumbent.

ST. MARGARET’S CHURCH, on the green to which it gives name, is a large
and ancient structure of mixed architecture, consisting of a chancel,
nave, aisles, and transepts, with a fine tower and south porch.  It has a
curious antique font, and a singularly painted ceiling, with several
grotesque carvings standing out from the walls.  The benefice is a
perpetual curacy, valued at £115, in the patronage of Simeon’s Trustees,
and incumbency of the Rev. J. Owen, M.A.

ST. MARY-AT-ELMS is an ancient church, with a brick tower, supposed to
stand near or upon the site of St. Saviour’s, as already noticed.  In
front of it is a row of fine elms, and near it are Smyth’s almshouses,
and several old dwellings, bearing marks of former grandeur.  This church
was appropriated to Trinity Priory, and is now a perpetual curacy, valued
at £80, in the gift of the parishioners, and incumbency of the Rev. W.
Aldrich, A.B.

ST. MARY-AT-THE-QUAY is a plain structure, with a tower curiously built
of flint, and containing six bells.  It is commonly called Key Church,
and must have been rebuilt after 1448, when Richard Gowty ordered his
body to be buried in the churchyard, and gave Calyon stone “for the whole
new church, which was to be erected.”  The church spoliator, Dowsing,
paid a visit to this edifice in 1643, and tore down nine superstitious
pictures, and destroyed many inscriptions.  The roof is supported by
light clustered columns; and in a small transept is the tomb of Henry
Tooley, the founder of the almshouses bearing his name.  The living is a
perpetual curacy, valued at £103, in the gift of the parishioners, and
incumbency of the Rev. John Duningham, M.A.

ST. MARY-AT-STOKE, commonly called Stoke Church, is picturesquely seated
on the south bank of the river Gipping, opposite the rest of the town,
and consists of a nave, chancel, north aisle, a fine tower, and a brick
porch.  It is of ancient foundation, but has undergone so many repairs
and renovations, that little of the original fabric remains.  It was
given by King Edgar, in 970, to the prior and convent of Ely; and their
successors, the Dean and Chapter of Ely, are now patrons of the rectory,
which is valued in K.B. at £12, and is now worth about £500 per annum;
the tithes having been commuted for a yearly modus of £475.  The Rev.
Stephen Croft, M.A., is the present incumbent.

ST. MARY LE TOWER is the largest, and is considered the principal church
in the town, though only a perpetual curacy, valued at £103, in the gift
of the parishioners, and incumbency of the Rev. Wm. Nassau St. Leger,
B.A., who is now military chaplain at Corfu.  The present officiating
curate is the Rev. L. Stanton.

ST. MATTHEW’S CHURCH, at the west end of the town, stands in a large
burial ground, and is a plain, unassuming structure, consisting of a
nave, chancel, side aisles, tower, and south porch.  It was re-pewed
about 1840, and was enlarged in 1843 by the extension of the south aisle.
A further enlargement is in contemplation.  The font is ancient, and has
a finely carved cover, executed and presented by Mr. Hewett.  At the east
end of the south aisle is an elaborately painted glass window, inserted
in December, 1853, in memory of the late wife of the present rector.  It
was executed by Geo. Hedgeland, Esq., from a design by Edward Howard,
Esq., a brother of the deceased.  The church has galleries and about 850
sittings.  The Lord Chancellor is patron, the Rev. Charles Hicks Gaye,
M.A., incumbent.

ST. NICHOLAS’ CHURCH, in the lower part of the town, near the river, is
supposed to have been built upon the site and partly with the materials
of St. Michael’s, which is mentioned in Domesday Book.  It is built
partly of flint, and has a cemented tower, containing four bells.  It was
repaired and newly fitted with open benches in 1848, at the cost of about
£300.  It was appropriated to St. Peter’s Priory, and is now a perpetual
curacy, valued at £150, in the gift of the parishioners, and incumbency
of the Rev. Charles Ward, M.A.

ST. PETER’S is one of the most ancient churches in the town, standing
close to the site of Wolsey’s College.  It is a plain structure,
consisting of a chancel, nave, aisles, south porch, and a tower
containing six bells.  The tower is a good specimen of the flint work so
frequently observed in Suffolk and Norfolk.  In 1842–3, the church was
repaired and repewed, and the burial ground enclosed.  A new gallery was
erected in 1848.  The font is very ancient, and covered with carvings of
animals.  The perpetual curacy, valued at £138, is in the gift of
Simeon’s Trustees, and incumbency of the Rev. H. T. Lumsden, M.A.

ST. STEPHEN’S is one of the churches mentioned in Domesday Book, and is
mostly built of flint, except the tower, which is brick cemented.  It
contains a monument, with kneeling effigies of Wm. Leeman and his wife.
The rectory, valued in K.B. at £4. 12s. 8½d., and now at £150, is in the
patronage of the Rev. W. Burgess, and incumbency of the Rev. Thos.
Davidson, B.A.

CHAPELS.—The twelve parish churches, and the chapel of ease just
described, have seat room for about 8,500 persons; and there is
accommodation for about 10,000 in the sixteen other places of worship in
the town, of which four belong to Baptists, three to Independents, two to
Wesleyans, and one each to Roman Catholics, Unitarians, Friends,
Primitive Methodists, Swedenborgians, and Jews.

TACKET STREET INDEPENDENT CHAPEL was erected in 1720, by the Presbyterian
congregation, who had previously, for more than 40 years, occupied a
small chapel in the Green yard, St. Peter’s, and were the successors of
the NONCONFORMISTS, who were so called from their refusing to subscribe
to everything contained in the Book of Common Prayer, as required by the
Act of Uniformity, passed soon after the restoration of Charles II.  This
chapel will seat about 800 hearers, and has a good organ and a burial
ground.  Near it is a house for the minister, the Rev. W. Notcutt, whose
grandfather officiated here till his death in 1756, in his 84th year.
The INDEPENDENT CHAPEL, in St. Nicholas’ street, is a neat Gothic
structure, which was opened in 1829.  It has about 1000 sittings,
including the galleries erected in 1839 and 1845.  The Rev. J. Raven is
the minister.  SALEM INDEPENDENT CHAPEL, in St. George’s street, is
small, and the Rev. J. Gay is its minister.

The UNITARIAN CHAPEL, in St. Nicholas’ street, is one of the oldest
chapels in the town, and has a beautifully carved pulpit, and about 1,200
sittings.  Its congregation originated from the meetings of the
Nonconformists about 1660, and was for many years Presbyterian, but the
chapel was not built till 1700.  The Rev. Henry Knott is the present
pastor.

The FRIENDS’ MEETING HOUSE, in Bank street, was built in 1796, and will
seat about 700 hearers.

The ROMAN CATHOLIC CHAPEL, on the Woodbridge road, was erected in 1825,
and enlarged in 1839, chiefly at the expence of its first priest, the
Rev. P. L. Simon, one of the refugees who left France at the commencement
of the Revolution, and resided here till his death, in September, 1839.
It is a small building in the early English style, with sittings for 700.
Its priests reside at Stoke by Nayland.

The BAPTIST CHAPEL, in Dairy lane, was built by a congregation of
Baptists formed in 1758.  It has 800 sittings, and is under the ministry
of the Rev. Thos. Poock.  ZOAR CHAPEL, in David street, was built in
1841, by the Baptists who seceded from Dairy lane chapel in 1829.  It
cost about £900, and has 500 sittings, but no pews.  TURRET LANE CHAPEL,
erected in 1842, belongs to the Particular Baptists, and is under the
ministry of the Rev. Isaac Lord.  STOKE CHAPEL is the largest of the four
Baptist chapels in Ipswich, and was erected in 1774, but has since been
rebuilt and several times enlarged, so that it will now seat about 900
hearers.  It is an octangular building, and is now under the ministry of
the Rev. J. Webb.

The WESLEYAN CHAPEL, in New Market lane, was erected in 1816, and is a
neat brick building, containing about 1000 sittings.  The WESLEYAN
ASSOCIATION METHODIST CHAPEL, in Friar street, was built in 1837, for
about 850 hearers; and the PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHAPEL, in Rope lane, was
built in 1839, and has about 500 sittings.

The JEWS’ SYNAGOGUE, in Rope lane, is a small brick building with pointed
windows.  The Jews have a small burial ground in Salter’s lane, and Mr.
Levy Lamburgh is their rabbi.

The NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH, in High street, is a small building erected in
1847, by Swedenborgians, and now under the ministry of the Rev. D. G.
Goyder, M.D.

The PLYMOUTH BRETHREN have a meeting room in Prince’s street.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Abbott, Rev., St. George’s terrace, Globe lane
Adye, Mrs. Elizabeth S., Silent street
Aldrich, Rev. William, Northgate street
Alexander, Richard D., Esq., Saint Matthew’s street
Alexander, Capt. Henry, Woodbridge road
Alexander, Miss Jane, St. Helen’s street
Anness, Richard, St. Austin’s street, St. Peter’s
Archer, Mr. William, Woodbridge road
Bacon, Edward, Esq., Tavern street
Baker, Mrs. Sarah, Carr street
Barney, Mr. William M., Victoria road
Bartlett, Mrs. E., Lower Brook street
Blanchflower, Rev. George, Wesleyan minister, St. George’s terrace, Globe
lane
Boby, Mr. William, Tacket street
Bond, Henry Cooper, Esq., St. Helen’s street
Bond, Mrs. Maria, St. Margaret’s street
Baynes William, Esq., Berrington road
Bradley, Mr. Jonathan B., St. Matthew’s terrace, London road
Bridges, John Hart, Friars’ road
Broadbank, Mrs. Elizabeth, St. Margaret’s plain
Brown, William, Esq., Gyppeswyk hall
Bruff, Peter, Esq., Handford lodge, Handford road
Buck, Mr. George, Woodbridge road
Buck, Mrs. Mary, Norwich road
Burton, Joseph, Esq., Bolton hill
Burrows, Samuel, Esq., Fonnereau road
Burrows, Mr. Robert, senr., Victoria road
Butcher, Mr. George Frederick, Barrington road
Butler, the Misses, Berners street
Byles, Jeremiah, Esq., Hill house
Chapman, Samuel B., Esq., Berners street
Chapman, Mr. H., Tower lodge, Tower str.
Chevalier, Barrington, Esq., Grove house, St. Helen’s
Churchman, William, Esq., Belmont terrace, London road
Christie, John, Esq., Norwich road
Clarke, Misses, St. Nicholas’ street
Clarke, Mr. Joseph, Berners street
Clarkson, Rev. William, Albert terrace, Norwich road
Cobbold, John, Esq., Cliffe house
Cobbold, John Chevalier, Esq., M.P., Tower street
Cobbold, Mrs., Northgate street
Cobbold, Arthur, Esq., Rose Hill cottage
Coe, Charles, Esq., Berners street
Cole, Mr. Ebenezer, St. Nicholas’ place
Cole, Mr. James, Berners street
Corder, Edward, Esq., Woodbridge road
Corder, Mr. James, Berners street
Cowell, Mrs. Martha, St. Nicholas’ street
Cowell, Samuel Harrison, Esq., Berners st.
Crisp, Miss Susanna, Norwich road
Cutting, Miss Elizabeth, Haills terrace, London road
Crowe, Mrs. Harriet, Woodbridge road
Daniel, Rev. J. E., chaplain to the County gaol
Davy, John, Esq., Bramford road
Deane, Charles, Esq., Woodbridge road
Dobson, Miss, St. Peter’s street
Dove, Mrs., Berners street
Eade, Mrs. Ann, Priory place
Elwes, Timms H., Esq., Fonnereau road
Ensor, Mrs. Hannah, Northgate street
Faires, Mr. William B., Berners street
Fison, Joseph, Esq., Stoke hill
Fitch, Miss Emma, Norwich road
Footman, Mrs. Harriet, Tower street
Forter, Miss Louisa, Lower Brook street
Fosdike, Mrs. Elizabeth, Silent street
Frewer, Mr. Isaac, Berners street
Fuller, Mr. James, Berners street
Gale, Mr. William, Norwich road
Goss, Miss Louisa, Park terrace
Gooch, Miss Mary, Museum street
Goodchild, Miss Emma, St. Helen’s str.
Gower, C. F., Esq., Novia Scotia house, Wherstead road
Green, Mr. William, Woodbridge road
Groom, Mrs. Ann, London road
Hardy, Mrs. Elizabeth, Orwell place
Harper, Mrs. Mary, Norwich road
Harcourt, Frederic, Esq., Norwich road
Heath, Mrs., Belmont terrace, London road
Head, Miss Caroline, Woodbridge road
Hedge, J. H., Esq., North Lodge, Norwich rd
Hill, Mrs. Mary, Park terrace
Howard, Mr. Crisp, Berners street
Hockley, Colonel, St. Matthew’s street
Howth, Mrs. Eliza, Northgate street
Hunt, Edward, Esq., Woodbridge road
Hunt, John, Esq., Norwich road
Hunt, Mr. J., St. Peter’s street
Hunt, Miss Ann, London road
Hunt, Mr. William, Fonnereau
Innes, Miss Charlotte, Westgate street
Jackson, Mrs. Sarah, Elm street
Jaynes, Mrs. Mary Anne, Priory place
Johnson, Mrs. Ann, Victoria road
Jones, Mrs. Harriet, Globe lane
Kittoe, Mrs., Northgate street
Kelly, Sir Fitzroy, M.P. for East Suffolk, the Chantry
Kembell, Hamment, Esq., Museum street
Kent, Mr. Abraham, Curriers’ lane
Kerrison, Roger H. Esq., Hill house, Woodbridge road
Kindred, Mr. Matthew E., Berners street
Last, Mrs. Elizabeth, Park terrace
Lackard, Edward, Esq., Westfield house
Lane, Samuel, Esq., Lower Brook street
Leath, Thomas R., Esq., Woodbridge rd.
Lester, Miss Mary Ann, Berners street
Leverett, Mrs. Maria Ann, Berners street
Lott, Miss, Westgate street
Marriott, Mrs. Martha D., Woodbridge road
Mason, Mrs. Eliza, Lower Brook street
Mason, Rev. Thomas, Carr street
Maw, John, Esq., Woodbridge road
May, Mr. John M., Berners street
Matthew, Mrs. Hannah, Promenade terrace, London road
Mitchell, Mrs. Ann, Victoria road
Morgan, Mrs. Louisa, Woodbridge road
Morgan, Miss Elizabeth, Bolton hill
Mudd, Mr. George, London road
Neves, Mrs. Elizabeth, St. Nicholas’ street
Orford, John, Esq., Brook hall, Norwich road
Parker, Miss Betsy, Berners street
Pering, Mrs. Mary, Berners street
Perkin, Mrs. Mary Ann, St. Helen’s street
Perry, Robert, Esq., Berners street
Perry, Miss Sophia, Berners street
Phillips, Lieut.-Col., Stoke hall
Pitcairn, Mrs. May, Fonnereau road
Pipe, Mrs. Ann, Tavern street
Porter, Mrs. Mary Ann, Orwell place
Powell, Miss, St. Peter’s street
Pyemont, Miss, Park terrace
Ram, James, Esq., barrister, Silent street
Ramsay, Mrs. Jeannet, Berner street
Ransome, Robert, Esq., Fonnereau road
Ransome, James A., Esq., Carr street
Ransome, Frederic, Esq., Lower Brook street
Raven, Rev. John, Independent minister, Berners street
Read, Mr. Edward, London road
Ridley, Frederic, Esq., Adelphi place, Lower Brook street
Ridley, Mrs. Marian, Adelphi place, Lower Brook street
Rist, Mrs., Adelphi place, Lower Brook street
Rudkin, John, Esq., Adelphi place, Lower Brook street
Reeve, Mr. Robert, Berrington road
Ridley, Samuel, Esq., Norwich road
Rivers, Mrs., Woodbridge road
Rodwell, William, Esq., Woodlands
Root, Mr. William, jun., Lower Brook st.
Sanders, Mrs. Elizabeth, Oriel cottage, London road
Shuttleworth, Thomas, Esq., Rosary, Bramford road
Sibly, Miss Urania, Globe lane
Smith, Misses A. and C., Fonnereau road
Spalding, Mrs. Rachel, Silent street
Squirrill, Mr. Robert, Victoria road
Stanford, Mrs., St. George’s terrace, Globe lane
Stone, Misses M. and L., St. Nicholas, street
Stebbings, Miss Susan, Orwell place
Thurston, Mrs. Sarah B., Queen street
Trill, Mrs. Louisa F., St. Matthew’s street
Turner, Edward, College street
Turner, Major, Westgate street
Turner, Miss, London road
Turner, the Misses, Christ Church park house
Tunney, Mrs. Louisa, Foundation street
Unwin, Mrs., Berners street
Vulliamy, Frederic, Esq., St. Margaret’s green
Ward, Rev. Charles, Woodbridge road
Walford, Capt. William, of the royal navy, Haills terrace, London road
Waitehill, Mrs., Adelphi place, Lower Brook street
Ward, Miss Elizabeth, Priory place
Webber, Samuel, Esq., White House
Williams, Mr. Robert, Victoria road
Whitbread, Captain, Promenade terrace, London road
Walford, Desboro, London road
Worts, Mr. Frederic, St. Nicholas’ street
Waller, Mr. Stephen, Falcon street
Welton, Edward, Esq., Woodbridge road
Wood, Miss Mary, Woodbridge road
Woodhouse, Rev. Walter, St. Helen’s, Woodbridge road
Wood, Mr. William, Norwich road
Woodward, Miss E., St. Matthew’s street



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abraham, John, stationer, Queen street
Abbott, Jonathan, Globe inn, Globe lane
Abbot, Jonathan, Waterman’s Arms, St. Peter’s dock
Abbott, Samuel, cheese and butter factor, and grocer, Corn hill
Adams, Emma, pork dealer, St. Matthew’s street
Adams, Webster, surgeon and apothecary, medical officer to St. Clement’s
district, Fore street
Ager, Edmund, milliner, draper, haberdasher, &c., Westgate street
Alderson, George F., dispensing and family chemist, Corn hill
Alderton, Thomas, boot and shoe maker, Old Butter market
Alderton, Thomas, turner, Falcon Street
Aldous, Arthur H., solicitor, agent to the Albion Life, and Law Union
Fire and Life Offices, and solicitor to the E. C. Building Society,
Princes street
Aldred, Elizabeth, dress maker, Elm str.
Allcock, Edward, tailor, Lady’s lane
Allowy, John, governor of the Gaol
Allen, Mark, shopkeeper, St. Helen’s str.
Allen, Joseph, shopkeeper, Handford road
Allarad, Elijah, tailor, Friars’ new road
Alexander and Co., bankers, Bank street
Alexander, Henry, cooper, St. Helen’s street
Alexander, William, hair cutter, Falcon street
Alston, Stephen, merchant tailor and hatter, Old Butter market
Amis, John, Elephant and Castle, Handford road
Andrews, John, butcher, Old Butter Market
Andrews, Maria, fancy repository, St. Peter’s street
Andrews, Robert C., miller, Woodbridge road
Andrews, Charles, corn chandler, St. Austin street
Andrews, George W., butcher, Westgate street
Andrews, John, tea dealer and grocer, the Mount
Andrews, James, tea dealer, Woodbridge road
Anright, Catherine M., shopkeeper, Upper Orwell street
Annes, Samuel R., pharmaceutical chemist, Tower street
Archer, George T., furnishing and general ironmonger, Tavern street
Archer, Robert, coal merchant, St. Peter’s dock wharf, h Norwich road
Ardley, Martha H., milliner and dress maker, St. Matthew’s street
Armstrong, John, tea dealer, Woodbridge road
Arnouss, George G., boot and shoe maker, Fore street
Artis, James, Blue Coat Boy, Silent street
Ashford, Alfred, general clothier and silversmith, Fore street
Ashford, Alfred, furniture broker, Fore street
Ashford, Charles, grocer and tea dealer, Westgate street
Ashford, George, Running Buck, St. Margaret’s plain
Ashford, William, watch and clock maker, Fore street
Atthill, Robert, surgeon, Fore street
Attle, Henry, bread and biscuit baker, Borough road
Austin, Henry, painter, St. Stephen’s lane
Austin, William, shoemaker, Tacket st.
Backhouse, Noah, stove and kitchen range manufacturer, St. Matthew’s
street
Backhouse, Benjamin, architect and surveyor, agent for District Fire
Insurance and Amicable Life offices, Norwich road
Bacon, Cobbold, and Comp., bankers, Tavern street; draw on Glyn and Co.
Bacon, John, boot and shoe maker, Carr street
Bacon, Harriet, pastry cook, Norwich road
Bacon, Samuel, builder, Berners street
Baillie, John, town mission, St. Nicholas’ street
Bailey, William, boot and shoe maker, Church street
Baldwin, Stephen, shoe maker, Wyke’s Bishop street
Bailey, William, boot and shoe maker, Fore street
Baker, Joshua, shoe maker, Woodbridge road
Baker, Richard W., butcher, St. Margaret’s street
Baker, Thomas, tobacconist, Dial lane
Baker, John, hairdresser, Tower street
Baker, Robert L., shoe maker, Rope lane
Baker, Richard, butcher, Rope lane
Baker, Isaac P., solicitor and agent to the Law Fire office, Lower Brook
street
Baker, William, Dolphin, St. Mary’s quay
Ball, Squire, music seller and pianoforte tuner, Old Butter market
Baldwin, William, boot and shoe maker, Northgate street
Bales, George W., gun maker, Cornhill
Bantoft, John, corn chandler, Saint Matthew’s street
Bantoft, Richard, tailor, draper, and hatter, Queen street
Baker, Thomas, butcher, Tavern street
Ball, John H. G., teacher of music and dancing, Upper Brook street
Baldry, Emily, dress maker, Westgate street
Baldwin, William, Ferry inn, Back street
Balderson, Samuel, builder, Stoke street
Barber, Samuel C., bookbinder, Carr st.
Barber, Samuel, flour agent, Tacket street
Barber, Robert, hairdresser, St. Margaret’s street
Barker, John, jun., cabinet maker and upholsterer, Old Butter market
Barber, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, St. Stephen’s lane
Barker, Samuel, shopkeeper, St. Helen’s street
Barker, Charles, Harp inn, Prince’s str.
Barratt, William, shoemaker, Key street
Barnett, Phineas, wholesale shoe and slipper manufacturer, St. Peter’s
street
Barnes, Frederic, architect and surveyor, Lower Brook street
Bartelett, H., surgeon to Gaol
Barns, Clark, cooper and basket maker, St. Peter’s street
Barnes, Benjamin, basket maker and cooper, Westgate street
Barton, Marianne, Berlin and fancy repository, Westgate street
Barnes, Benjamin, butcher, Carr street
Bass, William, pork butcher, Fore street
Batley, John T., hatter, &c., Old Butter market
Bateley, Henry B., plumber, glazier, painter, and gas fitter, Westgate
street
Baxter, John, Water Lily, St. Helen’s street
Baxter, Joseph, tinman and brazier, Rope lane
Baxter, Robert and Ronald, tea and coffee dealers, Westgate street
Beaumont, Charles, builder, St. Matthew’s street
Beaumont, Emily, milliner and dress maker, St. Matthew’s street
Beaumont, James, agent to the Accidental Death Assurance company, St.
Helen’s street
Beard, William, butcher, St. Peter’s street
Beard, Samuel, ironmonger, Upper Brook street
Beard, Isaac, butcher, Norwich road
Beaumont, William, coal merchant, Fore street
Beattie, John, photographic gallery, Museum street
Belcher, Joseph, tailor, Carr street
Bell, Robert C., tailor and hatter, St. Matthew’s street
Benham, Dorothy, shopkeeper, Upper Orwell street
Bennett, Henry, coach and harness maker, Fore street
Bennett, William, boot and shoe maker, Tavern street
Bennett and Co., tea dealers and grocers, Tavern street and Fore street
Berryman, Thomas, valuer and house agent, Upper Brook street
Berryman and Nunn, accountants and surveyors, Upper Brook street
Berridge, Edward C., ironmonger, Old Butter market
Berry, Samuel, May Bush, St. Helen’s street
Betts, Edwin, confectioner, St. Peter’s street
Betts, William, naturalist, Woodbridge road
Betts, Edward, shopkeeper, Key street
Bevan, Charles, butcher, Carr street
Bevan, Henry, green grocer, St. Margaret’s street
Birch, Robert, cabinet maker, paper hanger, and upholsterer, St.
Matthew’s street
Bird, Ashrud, chemist, Woodbridge road
Bird, Buckingham, plumber, glazier, and gas fitter, Carr street
Bird, Joseph, shoemaker, St. Helen’s street
Biddle, George, Rose cottage, Bishop hall
Bilham, Ellen, grocer, Crown street
Bird, M. and S. A., milliners, &c., Upper Brook street
Bird, James, cutler, &c., St. Nicholas’ street
Bird, Joseph, tobacconist, Westgate street
Bird, Edward, umbrella and parasol maker, King street
Bird, William, blacksmith, Wyke’s Bishop hill
Bird, William, painter, gas fitter, plumber, and glazier, Fore street
Bird, William, fishmonger, Bridge street
Bishop, Frederic, Ipswich Arms, Handford road
Birt, Mary Ann, Crystal ale stores, St. James’ street
Bishop, Edward W., brush maker and undertaker, Old Butter market
Blacktin, Thomas, saw and tool maker, Upper Orwell street
Blasby, Barnes, saddler and harness maker, St. Matthew’s street
Blogg, Ashton, maltster, brewer, and spirit merchant, Orwell place
Bloomfield, John, Ten Bells, Tower terrace
Bloomfield, James, railway contractor, Wolsey street
Bloomfield, Charles, blacksmith, St. Margaret’s street
Blomfield, James, bread and biscuit baker, Fore street
Blasby, Catherine, dress maker, New street
Blyth, John, corn dealer, Victoria road
Boby, Robert, Royal Oak, Northgate street
Boor, Joseph, Market hotel, Upper Brook street
Bond, Henry C., tanner, currier, and leather merchant, St. Helen’s street
Bore, Jonah Edgar, green grocer, Upper Orwell street
Borley, Joseph, cabinet maker, Friars’ street
Bowles, James, town missionary, Globe lane
Bowles, Alfred M., dancing master, London road
Bowers, Enoch, glass and China depot, Westgate street
Bray, Jacob F., clerk to guardians, Berners street
Brill, James, file cutter, Bishop’s hill
Brewster, Thomas, hair dresser, St. Helen’s street
Brett, John, boot maker, Tavern street
Broker, Benjamin, Marsh tavern, New Friars’ road
Bridges, John Hart, brewer and wine and spirit merchant, Falcon street
Bridges, John Hart, agent for Combe, Delafield, and Co’s London stout
porter, and to the Provident Life Assurance society, Friars’ lane
Brinsead, Henry, machine maker, Fore street
Bristo, Henry G., wine and spirit merchant, Tacket street
Brook, James, bookbinder, Prince’s street
Brooks, James, cab proprietor, Norwich road
Brook, Edwin, grocer, King street
Brown and Comp., timber, deal, and slate merchants, St. Nicholas’ street
Brown, Charles, baker, Dog’s head lane
Brown, Lawrence, watch and clock maker, Tacket street
Bruce, Elizabeth, milliner, Carr street
Bryant, Sarah, dress maker, Carr street
Buck, Jane, dress maker, St. Austin street, St. Peter’s
Buck, Mary, and Daughters, boarding and day school, St. Helen’s street
Buck, John D., B.A., boarding school, Lower Brook street
Bugg, George W., boot and shoe maker, Queen street
Buckingham and Son, boot and shoe manufacturers, Tavern street
Bugg, Joseph, shopkeeper, Salthouse street
Bugg, Frederic J., boot and shoe maker, Tacket street
Bugg, Emily, dress maker, Tower terrace
Bugg, Ann, clothes dealer, St. Margaret’s street
Bull, Benjamin, rent and debt collector, Victoria street
Bullen, George, sen., surgeon, Carr str.
Bullen, George, jun., surgeon, Carr str.
Bullett, Mary, milliner, St. Matthew’s street
Bumstead, Timothy, the Grapes, Norwich road
Bumstead, Charles, green grocer, Norwich road
Bunn, William, solicitor, Museum street
Bunn, Henry, solicitor, Elm street
Burrell, James, marine store dealer, St. Helen’s street
Bulwer, William, draper, Tacket street
Burgess, Charles T., silversmith and jeweller, Tavern street
Burch, Allen, shopkeeper, Rope lane
Burley, David, tea dealer and coffee roaster, St. Peter’s street
Burkle, David, watch and clock maker, St. Peter’s street
Burrows, Robert, jun., silversmith, &c., Silent street
Burnett, William, grocer, Fore hamlet
Burton, Joseph, and Co., booksellers and publishers; Reeve’s and Read’s
library office, Cornhill
Burton and Sons, wholesale grocers, College street
Burrows, Maria, brazier &c., Queen street
Buston, John, straw bonnet manufacturer, Carr street
Burwood, Thomas, tailor, Woodbridge road
Burwood, Eliza, dress and stay maker, Woodbridge road
Button, Joseph, baker, Fore hamlet
Butcher, John, hat maker, Old Butter market
Button, Emily, boarding and day school, Norwich road
Buxton, Henry, boarding school, Carr street
Byles and Comp., maltsters, College street
Byford, Eliza, the Gun, Key street
Catchpole and Company, brewers, Queen street
Catchpole, Giles, shopkeeper, St. Helen’s street
Canham, Simon, bricklayer, Back hamlet
Cansdale, Solomon, watchmaker, Carr str.
Carr, James, boot and shoe maker, St. Lawrence street
Carter, John, confectioner, baker, and beer house, Wearstead road
Carter M., glove and shirt manufacturer, Tavern street
Carter, Mrs. Jane, Priory House, Wolsey street
Cattermole, Charles, baker, St. Helen’s street
Cattermole, William, sen., builder, Carr street
Card, Henry, builder, Bolton lane
Chandler, Charles S., periodical dealer and fancy repository, Tacket
street
Chaplin, Abednego, ironmonger, oil and colour man, Old Butter market
Chaplin, William, builder, Foundation st.
Chaplin, William J., wine and spirit merchant, brewer, and cork cutter,
Barley-Mow, Westgate street
Chaplin, Shadrach, eating and coffee house, Carr street
Chaplin, Frederic, carpenter, Norwich road
Chaplin, Richard, green grocer, St. Matthew’s street
Chapman, Samuel, furniture broker, New Market lane
Chapman, Charles, baker and confectioner, Crown street
Chapman, Brothers, chemists and druggists, Cornhill
Chenery, William, chemist and druggist, Tavern street
Chilver, George, chemist, Bell lane
Chilman, Robert, bootmaker, Friars’ str.
Chilton, Richard H., draper and silk mercer, Tavern street
Chisnall, Thomas, builder, Fore street
Christopherson, Charles, British and foreign fruiterer, Tacket street
Christopherson, George, ironmonger, Fore street
Christie, John, coal and salt merchant, Salthouse street
Christie, George, pawnbroker, Fore street
Church, Beaumont, Prince Albert, Lady’s lane
Church, Edward, painter, Lady’s lane
Churchman, Henry C., importer and manufacturer of tobacco and cigars,
Hyde Park corner
Clarke, Eliza, shopkeeper, Lady’s lane
Clark, Elizabeth, dressmaker, Elm street
Closson, Henry P., baker, &c., Carr str.
Clarke, J. and C. soap and candle manufacturers, Great Friars’ road
Clarke, John, boot and shoe maker, Fore street
Clarke, H. and G. S., wholesale shoe manufacturer, Prince’s street
Clarke, A. and M. R., drapers, &c., Fore street
Clarke, Mary, schoolmistress, Gaol
Clarke, Robert, boot and shoe maker, St. Peter’s street
Clarke, James, baker and confectioner, Eagle street
Clarke, Samuel, surveyor, Upper Brook street
Clarke, Thomas K., pianoforte tunist, St. Helen’s street
Clarke, William, glass and china shop, Orwell place
Clarke, William B., boot and shoe maker, Friars’ street
Clark, William M., joiner, St. Margaret’s street
Clarke, William, outfitter, Upper Brook street
Clements, Thomas T., wholesale and retail grocer and tea dealer, corner
of Woodbridge road
Clent, Thomas, tea dealer and Italian warehouseman, Tavern street
Cobbold and Son, brandy and wine merchants, Lower Brook street
Cobbold, John, corn and coal merchant and ship owner, Fore street
Cocks, James, confectioner, Tacket street
Cocks, William, confectioner, Crown str.
Cocks, George, confectioner, Victoria road
Cocks, Robert, confectioner, St. Matthew’s street
Coe, David, wholesale milliner, Crown st.
Cole, John, coachman, Globe lane
Cole, Arthur, Old Grammar School House, Lower Brook street
Cole, Richard S., jeweller, King street
Cole, Ebenezer, agent for the Norfolk Shipping company, Quay Wharf
Collins, Henry, shopkeeper, Foundry road
Collins, George, basket maker, St. Helen’s street
Collins, Robert, basket maker, Old Butter market
Collins, James, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Westgate street
Conder, Thomas, rate collector, St. Nicholas’ street
Conder, James, haberdasher, grocer and tea dealer, Old Butter market
Connor, Joseph, tobacconist, Norwich road
Conder, Thomas, currier and leather merchant, gutta percha depôt, Old
Butter Market
Counel, William M., tea dealer, Woodbridge road
Cook, Augustus, River Queen, Stoke str.
Cook, John, newsvendor, Carr street
Cook, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Bell lane
Cook, George, clothier, Dog’s Head lane
Cook, James, shopkeeper, St. Peter’s street
Cook, Alfred, S., ironmonger and stove and range manufacturer, Westgate
str.
Cook, Thomas, Anchor, Bell lane
Cook, John, bookseller and news agent, Upper Orwell street
Cooke, Jonathan, boot and shoe maker, Fore street
Cook, William, plumber, glazier, painter, and gas fitter, Upper Brook
street
Cook, James, corn chandler, Fore Hamlet
Cook, Jasper, green grocer, Cornhill
Cooper, Edward, fishmonger, St. Margaret’s green
Cooper, William, green grocer, Carr street
Cooper, John, broker, Dog’s Head lane
Cooper, John, plough and harrow manufacturer, Marsh Iron Works
Cooper, William, general dealer, St. Peter’s street
Cooper, John, whitesmith and blacksmith, St. Margaret’s green
Corbyn, William, tailor and draper, Berners street
Cornell, Philip S., chemist, Tavern str.
Corder, E. and H. S., drapers, Tavern st.
Cornish, S., Bear and Crown inn, London road
Corner, John, baker, Upper Orwell street
Corbyn, William, jun., fancy repository, St. Matthew’s street
Cornish, Emma, milliner and dressmaker, Globe lane
Cossey, Mary Ann, straw bonnet maker, Norwich road
Cossey, Richard, bricklayer and plasterer, Norwich road
Cott, William, coach builder, St. Matthew’s street
Cove, Thomas, watchmaker and photographic artist, Orwell place
Cowell, Samuel Harrison, wholesale stationer, lithographic, letterpress,
and anastatic printer, and account book manufacturer, Old Butter Market
Cowell, Samuel Harrison, tea dealer and wine and spirit merchant, New
Market lane
Cox, George, butcher, Norwich road
Cox, William, green grocer, St. Helen’s street
Cox, William, shopkeeper, Rope lane
Cox, Samuel, pork butcher, Bell lane
Crapnell, Joseph, grocer, Bramford road
Creaseys, E. and E., milliners, Queen st.
Creswell, George, hairdresser and perfumer, Cornhill
Creswell, James, boot and shoe maker, Queen street
Creswell, Henry K., baker, Wolsey street
Crickmere, William, grocer, Duke street
Crickmer, Samuel, shopkeeper, Wyke’s Bishop street
Crickmer, George, shopkeeper, Rope lane
Crisp, Frederic, painter, Foundation str.
Crisp, Charles, plumber, glazier, and painter, St. Nicholas’ street
Crispin, John, tailor, draper, and hatter, Silent street
Crisp, Charles, furrier, Falcon street
Crone, Alexander M., tea dealer, Tower street
Cross, Alfred, turner, &c., St. Stephen’s lane
Croydon, John F., shirtmaker, Fore street
Cropling, Joseph, blacksmith, Bell lane
Cuckow, James, shipowner, sailmaker, ship chandler, and general merchant,
Quay Wharf
Cudding, William, tailor and draper, King street
Cudding, Alfred, Cock and Pie, Upper Brook street
Cullein, George, Red Lion, Fore hamlet
Cummings, Alexander, builder, Fore street
Cutting, Miles, patent medicine vendor, St. Margaret’s street
Curtis, William M., Orwell Cottage, London road
Curtis, Daniel, Rose inn, St. Peter’s road
Cuthbert, William, painter and glazier, Agent to Patent office, London,
Bridge street
Cuthbert, Edward, plumber, painter, and glazier, Carr street
Dade, Walter, Sir Robert Peel, St. Helen’s street
Daldry, William, lodging house keeper, St. Margaret’s plain
Daleson, George, tea dealer, Woodbridge road
Dale, William, shoemaker, Silent street
Dale, Thomas, Swan inn, King street
Dallinger, William H., engraver and copper-plate printer, Tacket street
Dallinger, Sarah, dressmaker, Northgate street
Damant, James, builder, Orchard street
Daniell, Joseph, fishmonger and poulterer, Queen street
Davy, Henry, artist, Globe lane
Davy, Charles, Welcome Sailor, Fore hamlet
Davy, John, shoemaker, Woodbridge road
Dawson, William, saddler and harness maker, St. Margaret’s street
Day, Joseph, plumber and glazier, Barley Mow lane
Day, Robert, green grocer, Silent street
Daynes, Geo., carpenter, St. Nicholas’ st.
Day, Samuel, green grocer, College street
Death, Edward, beerhouse and eating house, Tacket street
Deaves, John, shopkeeper and beerhouse, Elm street
Demuth, Frederic, hairdresser and corn extractor, Handford road
Denny, Henry, paper hanger, Norwich road
Dennant, Benjamin, Royal George, Victoria street
Dennington, Elizabeth, shopkeeper, St. Margaret’s green
Deward and Cook, milliners and straw bonnet makers, Old Butter Market
Diaper, Charles, Bell inn, Bell lane
Dorkin, James, stationer and news agent, Upper Brook street
Dorling, Edward, district superintendent of Eastern Counties railway,
Northgate street
Downs, William, St. Nicholas’ street
Downs, William, basket and sieve maker, Woodbridge road
Downing, John, rope maker, St. Nicholas’ street
Dothie and Soundy, tobacco manufacturers, Orwell place
Drew, Francis, glazier, Rope lane
Driver, James, tailor, St. Matthew’s Church lane
Driver, John, shopkeeper, Tanner’s lane
Driver, Levi, green grocer, Rope lane
Drake, John, shoemaker, Silent street
Drummond, Henry P., surgeon, Silent st.
Dunn, Smith, plumber, glazier, and painter, Globe lane
Dunnant, William, Defiance, Stoke street
Dunnett, Thomas, shopkeeper, Fore street
Dunnett, Thomas, wheelwright, Upper Orwell street
Durrant, Christopher M., surgeon, Northgate street
Durrant, Jonathan, tailor, &c., St. Margaret’s place
Durant and Hammond, umbrella and parasol manufacturers, Tavern street
Eade and Son, wine and spirit merchant, Hyde Park corner, and Suffolk
Wine and Spirit Vaults, Westgate street
Eaton, John, boot and shoe maker, Church street
Edgley, George, tailor and draper, St. Peter’s street
Edmonds, Christopher, stone and marble mason, Blackson street
Edwards, Alfred, haircutter, fancy repository, Tavern street
Edwards, George C., surgeon, Carr street
Edwards, William, Admiral’s Head inn, St. Margaret’s street
Edwards, Sarah, corset maker, Upper Brook street
Elliott, Walter, butcher, Fore street
Ellis, James, bookseller, St. Nicholas’ st.
Ellis, Henry, pipe maker, Tanner’s lane
Ellis, Harriet, milliner, Carr street
Ellis, John, fruiterer, Tacket street
Ellis, George E., bricklayer, St. Nicholas’ place
Ellis, Thomas, Pot of Flowers, Wyke’s Bishop street
Ellis, Henry, green grocer, Victoria str.
Elliston, Edmund, bread and biscuit baker, Upper Brook street
Ellisden, William, Shipwright’s Arms, Wearstead road
Elliston, William, baker, Handford road
Elwin, Thomas, corn chandler, Norwich road
Elwin, Laura, dressmaker, Norwich road
Ely, William, shoemaker, St. Helen’s street
Emmerson, Thomas, saddler, St. Matthew’s street
Emmerson, James, tailor, Handford road
England, Dr., William, Fonnereau road
Ennew, Esther, dressmaker, Silent street
Esling, Robert, Tower brewery, Tower st.
Ewrington, William, and John Metcalf Pollard; Shirreff and Son,
solicitors, St. Margaret’s green
Eyre, Alfred B., chemist Tacket street
Fagan, Ellen, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Carr street
Faiers, Samuel H., hair cutter and perfumer, Tavern street
Fairweather, Edward, shopkeeper, Upper Orwell street
Fair, William, Britannia inn, Whip street
Farman, Robert, builder, St. Helen’s str.
Farritt, George, Friars’ Head, Friars’ str.
Farrow, George (late Tovell), stone and marble mason, Carr street
Farrow, Joseph, Angel inn, Angel lane
Farthing, Jonathan, butcher, Spread Eagle, Fore street
Fayers, Robert, coach maker, Tower street
Fayers, Rose, straw bonnet maker, Tower street
Fell, John, Lion and Lamb, Victoria str.
Fenton, Abraham, baker, Globe lane
Fenton, John, bookseller, Wherstead road
Feek, John, pastry cook and confectioner, Corn hill
Field, Frederic butcher, St. Peter’s street
Field, William, shopkeeper, Fore street
Fitch, William, post master, Queen street
Finch, William W., pilot, Quay
Finnegan, Sarah, fancy repository, Fore st.
Firman, John C., tea dealer and grocer, St. Matthew’s street
Firth, William, shoe manufacturer, St. Nicholas’ street
Firth, William, boot maker, London road
Fish, Frederic, undertaker, mourning warehouseman, linen and woollen
draper, silk mercer, hosier, haberdasher, &c., Tavern street
Fisher, Mary, milliner, Upper Brook str.
Fisk, Francis, white and red brick maker, St. Helen’s street
Fisk, Elizabeth, furniture broker, Bolton lane
Fisk, William, Orwell inn, Lower Orwell street
Fisk, Edgar, tailor, Norwich road
Fisk, William, grocer, Friars’ street
Fiske, Charles, wholesale druggist, Carr and Northgate streets
Fison, Joseph, chemical manure manufacturer, and seed and wool merchant
Fison, Joseph, miller, Eastern Union mills
Flaxman, Hannah, E. U. R. hotel, opposite railway station
Fletcher, Robert, grocer, Borough road
Fletcher, Joseph, grocer, Woodbridge road
Flory, Caroline, wine and spirit merchant, St. Peter’s street
Flory, William, post and job master, Coach and Horses yard, Upper Brook
street
Fox, John, pork butcher, St. Matthew’s street
Footman and Company, linen drapers and silk mercers, Westgate street
Foreman, Samuel, cattle dealer, Falcon street
Foster, Robert W., professor of music, Norwich road
Foster, Robert, teacher of music, Tavern street
Foulger, Hamilton Lazarus, clothier and shoe manufacturer, Lower Orwell
street
Fountain, Robert, general dealer, New Friars’ road
Fountain, Samuel, green grocer and carpenter, Norwich road
Fox, Robert Fox on the Hill, Silent street
Fox, Robert, upholsterer, Silent street
Ford, William, tobacconist, Tavern street
Fox, John, auctioneer, Westgate street
Fox, Emma, upholsteress, Friars’ street
Francis, James O., surgeon and registrar of marriages, Elm street
Fraser, Roderick D., pawnbroker, Elm street
Fraser, William, woollen and Manchester warehouseman, King street
Frewer, James, sculptor and stone mason, Woodbridge road
Freestone, John, shoemaker, Tower str.
Freeman, William, shoemaker, Rope lane
Francis, Richard, watchmaker, Queen street
Frost, John Winter, shopkeeper, St. Margaret’s street
Frost, James, cooper, Salthouse street
Frost, John, worm extractor, Mayor’s corner, St. Margaret’s
Frost, John S., jun., hairdresser, Westgate street
Fuller, George, tailor and green grocer, Carr street
Fuller, George, shopkeeper, Fore hamlet
Fulcher, Robert, baker, Wyke’s Bishop hill
Fulcher, Alfred, boot and shoe maker, St. Austin street, St. Peter’s
Fulcher, Mary, Cardinal’s Head, Wolsey street
Fryers, Charles, Safe Harbour, Borough road
Gall, James, corn chandler, New Friars’ road
Galsworthy, Robert, solicitor, Carr street
Garlic, Mary Ann, gutta percha dealer, Tavern street
Gardener, James, fruiterer, Falcon street
Garnham, Robert, corn chandler, Borough road
Garnham, William, house agent and valuer, agent to the United Service
Insurance office, Northgate street
Garnham, John, tailor, Handford road
Garnham, William, Queen’s Head, St. Matthew’s street
Garrett, Garrett, iron merchant and Welsh fire brick merchant, St.
Margaret’s green
Garrod, John, Golden Lion hotel, Cornhill
Garrod, John Joseph, baker, Bath street
Garrod and Turner, auctioneers, Old Butter market
Garrod, William, tailor, Crown street
Gatrell, John H., silk mercer and draper, Tavern street
Geard, John B., agent to the Mutual Life Assurance company, Friars’ road
Geard, John B., public accountant and auditor, Flint wharf
Gibbons, Edward, builder and brick and timber merchant, Wolsey street
Gilbert, James, gardener, St. Margaret’s green
Gill, George R., ironmonger, Westgate street
Gill, Edward H., tailor and draper, Upper Brook street
Girling, William, Grove tavern, St. Helen’s street
Girling, Henry William, hat manufacturer, Steam Packet, Duke street
Gladding, George, haircutter, Mount str.
Gladding, James, butcher, Earl Grey, Fore hamlet
Gleed, Thomas, Inland Revenue office, Woodbridge road
Glyde, John, haircutter, Eagle street
Glyde, John, bookseller, St. Matthew’s street
Gocher, Thomas, jun., wholesale butcher, Westgate street
Gocher, Charles, wholesale butcher, St. Peter’s street
Godfry, Robert, Colchester Arms inn, Bridge street
Godbold, Charles, New Globe, John str.
Godbold, William, musician, St. Margaret’s green
Godball, Charles W., Coach and Horses inn and posting house, Upper Brook
street
Goldsmith, Thomas, carpenter, Tower terrace
Gooch, George, corn chandler, St. Stephen’s lane
Goodchild, Henry, razor grinder, Wyke’s Bishop hill
Goodchild, Elmer, glove maker, Woodbridge road
Goodwin, Henry, tobacconist, Tacket str.
Goodwin, Eliza, straw bonnet maker, Upper Orwell street
Goodwin, John, tobacconist, St. Peter’s street
Gooding, William, shoemaker, Upper Orwell street
Goodwin, William S., furniture broker, Prince’s street
Goodwin, Edward, pipe maker, Fore str.
Goodram, William, Staff of Life beerhouse, and shopkeeper, Bramford road
Goreham, Christmas, coach builder, Coleman street
Goreham, Edward, baker, New street
Gosling, Edward, tailor, Tower street
Gosling, William, hairdresser, Crown street
Gosling, William, bellhanger, St. Nicholas’ street
Gosling, Henry, Star, Rope lane
Goss, James, Wool Pack inn, Bolton lane
Gower and Hunt, soap manufacturers and merchants, St. Peter’s
Gowing, Sarah, milliner and dressmaker, Victoria street
Goyder, David G., chemist, Norwich road
Gray, William, New White Horse, Albion street
Gray, Thomas, shoemaker, Eagle street
Gray, Mary, clothes dealer, Upper Orwell street
Green, Alfred L., coach builder and timber bender, Norwich road
Grayston, Daniel, boot and shoe maker, Norwich road
Green, Thomas, Victoria hotel, Berners street
Green, William, green grocer, Friars’ street
Green, A. and L., hosiers, glovers, and shirt makers, Tavern street
Green, Cutten, coach maker, Norwich road
Green, Elijah, baker, Duke street
Green, James, Malt and Hop Brewery and tap, Queen street
Greenleaf, William, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Fore street
Greir, Robert, shopkeeper, St. Helen’s street
Grimsey, Benjamin F., solicitor, St. Nicholas Street
Grimwade, Richard, woollen draper, tailor, and hatter, Westgate street
Grimwood, Caroline, shopkeeper, Orwell place
Groom, William, baker, Friars’ street
Groom, Samuel G., surveyor, Norwich road
Groom, George, marine store dealer, Eagle street
Gross, Charles, basket and sieve maker, Old Butter market
Gurney, John Smith, cabinet maker and turner, St. Peter’s street
Guiver, Henry, Great White Horse hotel and posting house, Tavern street
Gyford, Samuel, Maltsters’ Arms, Key street
Haddock, James, bookseller, printer, binder, and engraver, public
library, Old Butter market
Hager, James, brickmaker and shopkeeper, St. Helen’s street
Hagg, William, tailor, draper, hatter, and general outfitter, Upper Brook
street
Haggon, David, ship owner, King street
Haggon, David, plumber, glazier, painter, and gas fitter, King street
Haill, George, boot and shoe maker, St. Matthew’s Church lane
Haken, Louisa, Fox inn, Upper Brook street
Hall, Charles, shopkeeper, Carr street
Hambling, Noah, White Lion, Stoke bridge
Hamby, George Henry, master mariner, St. Helen’s street
Hamilton, Andrew, saddler, Wherstead road
Hamblin, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Westgate street
Hammond, Frederic, Tooley’s Arms, Foundation street
Hammond, Charles J., tea dealer, grocer and provision merchant, opposite
St. Peter’s Church
Hammond, Samuel, green grocer, St. Helen’s street
Hammond, William, furniture dealer, St. Matthew’s street
Hammond, Charles C., surgeon, Lower Brook street
Hammond, Susanna, straw bonnet maker, Handford road
Hancock, Christopher T., millinery establishment, Tavern street
Hancock and Son, confectioners, Carr st.
Hancock, John, bread and biscuit maker, Saint Nicholas’ street
Hancock, Thomas, clothes renovator, Fore hamlet
Haken, George, Heart of Oak inn, Duke street
Hardy, Theophilus, plumber, gas fitter, &c., Orwell place
Harpham and Vink, iron merchants and wholesale ironmongers, Quay, Iron
wharf
Harmer, Henry, beerhouse and shopkeeper, Borough road
Harris, Thomas, banker’s clerk, agent to the Edinburgh Life Assurance
society, Park terrace
Harris, Ebenezer, dyer, Upper Brook st.
Harris, Ebenezer, grocer, Norwich road
Harris, George, corn chandler, Upper Orwell street
Harris, Sophia, shopkeeper, Handford road
Harrison, Mary Ann, boot and shoemaker, Upper Brook street
Harrison and Gislingham, cabinet makers and upholsterers, Museum street
Harrison, Susan C., Crown and Anchor Family and Commercial hotel,
Westgate street
Harrison, Robert L., Park Cottage, Bolton lane
Hart, Morris, dealer in Birmingham and Sheffield goods, wholesale and
retail, China, glass, and earthenware warehouse, Westgate street
Hart, John, tailor, Handford road
Hartridge, Mary Ann, Mulberry Tree, Woodbridge road
Harvey, Daniel, painter, &c., Wherstead road
Harwood, James, Bull inn, Quay street
Harwood, James, smith in general, Back street
Hartridge, George, Marquis Cornwallis, Coleman street
Haszel, Joseph, hair cutter, Fore hamlet
Hazell, Joseph, the Reapers, Stoke street
Hayward, Edward, chemist, Upper Brook street
Hayward, Stephen, dyer, St. Nicholas’ street
Haward, James, builder, Mount street
Havell, William G., hat maker, St. Margaret’s plain
Hicks, John, Promenade terrace, London road
Hicks, Henry J., butcher, Tavern street
Hicks, Isaac, grocer and tea dealer, St. Matthew’s street
Hill, Isaac, shopkeeper, St. Margaret’s green
Hill, Thomas, hairdresser, St. Peter’s street
Hill, James, Wherry, Quay
Hill, Joseph, wire worker, St. Matthew’s street
Hillyard, Charles, boot and shoe maker, Fore street
Hines, William, Britannia, Wyke’s Bishop hill
Hearson, John, surveyor, builder, and patent shuttle maker, Crown street
Heard, Thomas, commercial traveller, London road
Hedge, John H. H., North Lodge, Norwich road
Hedges, Samuel, shopkeeper, Carr street
Helsdon, Dennis, fancy toy warehouse, Tacket street
Head, Jeremiah, manager of Savings’ Bank, Queen street
Hewitt, Charles, Case is Altered, Woodbridge road
Herbert, Samuel, pork butcher, Rope lane
Hoffman, Octavius Wm., surgeon, Prince’s street
Hoffman, Octavius W., surgeon, Queen street
Holden, John, fruiterer, Queen street
Holden, John, boot and shoe maker, Norwich road
Horne, William, sail maker, Ram inn, Quay
Horrex, Eldred, carpenter, Norwich road
Holder, Henry, head warder to Gaol
Hopson, Edmund, grocer and earthenware dealer, Rope lane
Hopper, Thomas, builder, Friars’ road
Horsnaill, George, grocer, Fore street
Howes, Charlotte, Bank Buildings, Bank street
Howlett, William, blacksmith, Angel lane
Hooper, Thomas, malthouse, New street
Howe, John B., Salutation inn, Carr str.
Howke, George, Fleece inn, St. Matthew’s street
Howgoo, Jeremiah, baker, St. Margaret’s plain
Howard, Charles, grocer, Crown street
Hudson, John L., hairdresser and perfumer, Lower Brook street
Hughes, Edward, green grocer, Rope lane
Hunniball, Timothy, coach builder, Wyke’s Bishop’s hill
Hunt, Miles, grocer, Norwich road
Hunt, William, solicitor, St. Matthew’s street
Hunt, William, bookseller, publisher, and stationer, Tavern street
Hunt, John, flour dealer, Bell lane
Hunt, Wright, corn merchant, St. Nicholas’ street
Hunt and Co., merchant tailors, woollen drapers, and hatters, Tavern
street
Hurricks, Henry, bricklayer, Tower street
Hutchinson, William, accountant, registrar of births and deaths,
secretary to the Permanent Building society, Soane street
Hutchinson, William, agent for the brick yard, Woodbridge road
Ireland, Robert, mason, Old Gaol lane
Ilott, Alexander, hosier, St. Austin’s str., St. Peter’s
Jackaman, Simon Batley, solicitor, coroner for the borough, and clerk to
the lighting and paving committee, Silent street
Jackson, Charles T., Rising Sun, Friars’ street
Jackson, Alfred, confectioner, St. Peter’s road
James, Joseph, shoemaker, Fore hamlet
James, Robert, draper, Duke street
Jarman, Thomas, surgeon, St. Matthew’s, London road
Jarman, William, tailor, St. Helen’s str.
Jay, Elizabeth, watchmaker, Fore street.
Jeffries, Samuel, cabinet maker, Queen street
Jeffries, James M., Rose Villa, London road
Jeffries, William B., seedsman and nurseryman, Westgate street
Jennings, James, shopkeeper, Jolly Sailor, Handford road
Jennings, John, painter and glazier, Handford road
Jennings, Hannah, straw bonnet maker, Old Gaol lane
Jennings, John, hatter, Tavern street
Jennings, Richard F., solicitor, Falcon st.
Jennings, Mark, Boar’s Head, St. Austin’s street, St. Peter’s
Jervis, Henry, baker, Handford road
Johns, Isabella, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Carr street
Johnson, H. and E., milliners and dressmakers, Old Butter market
Johnson, Robert, grocer, Rope lane
Johnson, William, boot and shoe maker, Upper Brook street
Johnson, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Tacket street
Jones, John, C., butcher, St. Matthew’s street
Jones, Richard, engineer, Woodbridge road
Jones, John, shoemaker, St. Austin’s st., St. Peter’s
Josselyn, George, solicitor, agent to the Sun Fire and Life office,
vice-chairman of Ipswich dock commission, clerk to Ipswich and Stratford
turnpike trusts, and actuary to Ipswich Tontine, Tower street
Juby, E. and S., straw bonnet makers, Old Butter market
Julian, Ezekiel S., corn chandler, Norwich road
Keeble, George, plumber, glazier, and painter, Quay street
Keeble, Charles, hairdresser, St. Matthew’s street
Keeble, Jeremiah, wire worker, Old Butter market
Keeble, William, brazier, Upper Orwell street
Keeley, William, shopkeeper, College st.
Kent, William, butcher, Fore hamlet
Kent, Frederic, baker, St. Matthew’s street
Kent, Abraham, coach broker, Tanner’s lane
Kent, John, White Hart inn, St. Lawrence’s street
Kerry, Nicholas, Ipswich Arms, Lower Brook street
Kerridge, Herbert, Golden Key, Woodbridge road
Kersy, Robert S., shopkeeper, Upper Orwell street
Kettle, Horace, G., corn chandler, Key street
Kimble and Co., linen drapers, St. Peter’s street
Kimble, Benjamin, grocer, St. Peter’s st.
Kimpton, William, upholsterer, St. Matthew’s street
King, Henry, saddler and harness maker, beerhouse, Prince’s street
King, John, ecclesiastical glass painter, Upper Brook street
King, Stephen B., butcher, Fore street
King, Henry, grocer, Norwich road
King, Stephen, butcher, Friars’ road
King, George H., naturalist, Norwich road
Kimmance, John, Park House school
Kingston, George R., wholesale milliner, St. Peter’s street
Kitton, Harry H., baker, Norwich road
Kittrel, Robert G., tailor, Falcon street
Knights, James W., auctioneer and mercantile and agricultural agent, Quay
House
Knights, Thomas, blacksmith, Shoulder of Mutton, Upper Orwell street
Knights, James, ship’s smith in general, Salthouse street
Knights, James, Green Man, Salthouse street
Knivet, William, shopkeeper, Bell lane
Lacey, Robert, farmer, Woodbridge road
Lamb, Wray P., copperplate printer, Tower street
Lamb, Robert, Blue Bell, Cornhill
Lambert, William, tailor and woollen draper, St. Lawrence’s street
Lancaster, James, boarding and day school, Lower Brook street
Lambert, John, Birmingham and Sheffield warehouse, St. Matthew’s street
Lane, William, tailor, Upper Orwell str.
Langbridge, George, dyer, Carr street
Langlin, Thomas, Fox and Hounds, Tanner’s lane
Larst, Henry, confectioner, Westgate str.
Last, Benjamin, corn chandler, Fore hamlet
Last, Alfred, pianoforte tuner and regulator, Westgate street
Last, Benjamin, baker, Bell lane
Last, Mary, shopkeeper, St. Margaret’s street
Last, Henry, bricklayer, Tower street
Lawrence, Edward E., coroner for the Duke of Norfolk liberty, clerk to
the Association for the Prosecution of Felons, solicitor, clerk to the
magistrates for the borough, and clerk to the magistrates of Samford
Hundred, Tower street
Leathers, John, Crown tavern, Crown street
Lee, Pleasant, Bull and Dog, Fore street
Lee, John, umbrella maker, Silent street
Lee, Henry, King’s Arms, Cornhill
Leek, Timothy, baker, Key street
Leverett, Henry W., cabinet maker, Westgate street
Levi, Moses, hardwareman, Tavern street
Licence, Paul, hairdresser, Wherstead road
Lindley, John, blacksmith, Tanner’s lane
Ling, George, Royal Albert inn, opposite the railway station
List, Deborah, shopkeeper, King street
Lloyd, James, pork butcher, Fore hamlet
Long, Daniel, house agent, St. Helen’s street
Long, John, veterinary surgeon, Tower street
Long, Peter B., solicitor and clerk to dock commissioners, Museum street
Long, Alfred W. M., rate collector, Park terrace
Love, Capt. Edward M., Upton House, Woodbridge road
Lovewell, Henry, clothier, Market lane
Lovett, John, tailor, Fore street
Luff, Henry, builder, Neal street
Lyons, Mary Ann, shopkeeper, Elm str.
Lyon, Robert, chemist and druggist, Upper Brook street
Maddow, Jonathan, bookseller, St. Peter’s street
Mallett, William, shopkeeper, Tower str.
Mann, Hannah, hat box maker, Foundation street
Mann, James, baker and shopkeeper, St. Helen’s street
Manning, William, grocer, Upper Orwell street
Manning, Benjamin, fishmonger, Cornhill
Manning, John S., wine and spirit merchant, Cornhill
Manning, George, plumber, glazier, and painter, Norwich road
Mann, William, Anchor inn, Duke street
Manistre and Dawson, grocers and foreign warehouse, Fore street and the
Hamlet
Mason, B. S., agent to the Norfolk and Eastern Counties coal company;
managers, E. and A. Prior, Bishopsgate, London
Mason, George, timber merchant, College street
Mason and Co., Engle foundry, Lower Brook street
Manistre, George, tea dealer and grocer, St. Matthew’s street
Mash, James, bazaar and fancy repository, Old Butter market
Mason, George, marine store dealer, Duke street
Mason, William and Robert, pawnbrokers, clothiers, &c., Fore street
Marchant, Hezekiah, silk mercer, and shawl and mantle warehouse, Westgate
street
Marchant, Charles F., chemist and druggist, Old Butter market
Martin, Mary, shopkeeper, Wherstead road
Martin, Samuel, shopkeeper, Bell lane
Matt, Elijah, paper hanger, St. Matthew’s street
Matt, Jonathan, cooper, King street
Mays, West, green grocer, Foundation street
May, John, ship owner, Berners street
May, John, jun., cheese and butter factor, Stoke Bridge wharf
Mayhew, George, house agent, Friars’ street
Mc’Pherson, Donald, merchant’s clerk, Woodbridge road
Mead, Elijah, cab proprietor, Tower str.
Mead, Aaron, Half Moon and Stars, St. Matthew’s street
Meadows, Charles and Son, furnishing and general ironmonger, Tower street
Meadows, Henry W., wine and spirit merchant, King street
Messent, George, draper, &c., Whip str.
Middleditch, Deborah, the Crown, St. Peter’s street
Miller, Jonathan B., grocer, Borough road
Miller and Son, linen drapers, Old Butter market
Miller, Henry, manager to the National and Provincial Bank of England,
draw on London Joint Stock bank; Old Butter market
Miller, R. and Son, wine and spirit merchants, tea dealers and grocers,
Old Butter market
Milnes, B. G., pianoforte tuner, St. Matthew’s street
Mills, William P., surgeon, Museum str.
Mills, Edward, fruiterer, Victoria road
Minter, John, Smack, Key street
Mitchell, Mesdames, dress makers, Museum street
Moffatt, Walter, tea dealer, hatter, and furrier, Lower Brook street
Moffat, James, draper and tea dealer, Adelphi place, Lower Brook street
Morgan, William, naval officer, Park terrace
Morgan and Whipson, architects and surveyors, Museum street
Margerson, Daniel, Waggon and Horses, Old Butter market
Morley, David, bookseller, stationer, and free picture gallery, Queen
street
Morley, Joseph R., glass and China dealer, Tavern street
Morton, George S., hat manufacturer, Upper Brook street
Moyse, John, dealer in horses, Crown street
Moore, George, butcher, Carr street
Moore, Samuel, shoemaker, Upper Orwell street
Moore, Walter H., solicitor, and agent to the Wellington and the Age Life
Assurance offices, Elm street
Mulley, George, inspector of nuisances, St. Helen’s street
Mulley, John, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Upper Brook street
Mulley, Charles C., register office for servants, Tacket street
Mullett, Edmund, pipe manufacturer, Falcon street
Mullett, Samuel, dealer in tea and tobacco, Carr street
National Provincial Bank of England, Old Butter market
Naunton, John, Lord Chancellor, Friars’ road
Neale, Thomas, bricklayer, &c., Victoria street
Neale, James, Duke of Kent, Upper Orwell street
Neale, Elizabeth, milliner and dress maker, Fore street
Newton, Charles, cork manufacturer, and agent for the sale of Goddard’s
Photographic Lenses, St. Matthew’s street
Newby, John, green grocer, Crown street
Newson, William, stone mason, Norwich road
Notcutt, Stephen A., town clerk, clerk of the peace and charity trustees,
and solicitor to gas company, Museum street
Norbrook, James, saddler and harness maker, Fore street
Norman, Sarah M., shopkeeper, Fore hamlet
Norman, Isaac, Plough inn, St. Stephen’s lane
Norman, James, green grocer, Norwich road
Norman, Henry, baker, Handford road
Norman, Edward, beer house, Baker str.
Noy, Isaac, ship broker and general commission merchant, Quay
Nunn, Jarvis, shoemaker, Upper Orwell street
Nunn, John B., tailor, woollen draper, and hatter, Tavern street
Nunn, James, printer and bookseller, Carr street
Nunn, Rowe, shoemaker, Upper Orwell street
Olive, John Thomas, Hare and Hounds, Norwich road
Orford, John, jun., solicitor to the Water Works company, and agent to
the Law Union Fire and Life office, Silent str.
Osborne, Alfred, butcher, Mount street
Osborne, Jacob, green grocer, Fore hamlet
Osborn, Robert, whitesmith and bell hanger, Upper Orwell street
Osborne, Henry, shopkeeper, Norwich road
Osborn, Roger, boot and shoe maker, Tavern street
Osboldstone, Charles, grocer, Woodbridge road
Oxborow, Edmund, confectioner
Oxford, John, glove and truss maker, New Market lane
Pack, Robert, shoemaker, St. Helen’s str.
Packard, Edward, and Co., manufacturers of oil of vitriol, superphosphate
of lime, and turnip manure, Bramford and Carr street
Page, Miss Elizabeth S., Promenade terrace, London road
Page, William, Corn Exchange tavern, Cornhill
Page, Richard M., horse dealer, Victoria road
Pake, Robert M., Berners street
Pallant, Mary Ann, milliner and dress-maker, Woodbridge road
Palmer, L., baker, Norwich road
Palmer, Alfred, millinery establishment, St. Peter’s street
Pannifer, Nathaniel, clothier, Fore street
Pape, Richard, collector of inland revenue, Lower Brook street
Parker, Joseph, baker and confectioner, St. Matthew’s street
Parker, Letitia, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Tavern street
Parker, Benjamin, printer, Fore street
Parker, Nathaniel W., currier and leather seller, Fore street
Parker, Mary Ann, mantle maker, St. Stephen’s lane
Parsons, Charles, hair cutter, St. Peter’s street
Parsons, Alfred, boot and shoe maker, Old Butter market
Pask, Charles, A., bookseller, Elm street
Patterson, F. and E., builders, Saint Nicholas’ street
Paternoster, Samuel, bricklayer, Fore street
Patrick, Orlando, painter and glazier, St. Nicholas’ street
Paul, Robert, Fonnereau road
Paulton, Rebecca, Orwell hotel
Payne, William, saddler, St. Peter’s street
Payne, Martha, Gardeners’ Arms, Fore hamlet
Pay, William, grocer, Fore street
Peachey, John, Wesleyan day school teacher,—agent to the Wesleyan General
and Provident Assurance Society, Fore hamlet
Peacock, Thomas, surgeon, Berners street
Peck, Shadrack, cork cutter, Dial lane
Pear, William, White Elm, Bishop’s hill
Pearce, Joseph, accountant, agent to the County Fire and Provident Life,
Eastern Counties’ Building Company, East Anglian and Suffolk Improved
Building Company, and Free Land Society, Prince’s street
Pearce, Fred., wholesale furrier, Tavern street
Pearce, James, eating house, St. Matthew’s street
Pearce, James, confectioner, Fore street
Pegg, William, shopkeeper, Woodbridge road
Pells, John, boot and shoe warehouseman, Old Butter market
Pettit, John, sen., carpenter, St. Matthews’ square
Pettit, Jonathan, wheelwright, Elm street
Pettit, Daniel, saddler and harness maker, St. Peter’s street
Pettit, Thomas, carpenter, St. Stephen lane
Pettit, Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, St. Stephen’s lane
Pettit, Joseph A., builder, Lower Orwell street
Pickess, Jonathan O., sail maker, Fore street
Pinner, Jeremiah, fishmonger, Queen street
Pigg, Hannah, Robin Hood and Little John, Woodbridge road
Pipe, Jeremiah, St. Margaret’s street
Piper, Stephen, stamp office and printer, Old Butter market
Piper, Alfred, printer, St. Nicholas street
Pitcairn, David, manager of the Tract and Bible depot, Queen street
Pitcher, John, surgeon, Fore street
Phillips, John, cabinet-maker, upholsterer, and paper hanger, St.
Matthew’s street
Plane, Dawson, draper and mercer, corner of Brook street
Plant, Emma, dressmaker, Foundation street
Plantin, Henry, confectioner, St. Nicholas’ street
Pleasants, E., Half-moon, Foundation street
Plumb, William, hat maker, Rope lane
Podd, Percival, boot and shoe maker and bird stuffer, St. Stephen’s lane
Pollard, Henry S., boot and shoemaker, and dealer in new and second-hand
clothes, St. Stephen’s lane
Poole, William, boot maker, Friars’ street
Pooley, Robert, fancy bazaar, Cornhill
Pooley, William, fruiterer, Tavern street
Porter, Alfred, Lower Brook street
Potter, John Amiss, baker, Orchard street
Potter, William, merchant’s clerk, College street
Potter, John, confectioner, St. Lawrence’s street
Powell, William, grocer and tea dealer, Westgate street
Pratt, Louisa, shopkeeper, Upper Orwell street
Prentice, John, draper and silk mercer, Old Butter market
Prentice, Oliver, maltster and merchant, Fore street
Prentice, William, jun., College street
Presso, Joseph, baker, St. Matthew’s street
Prentice and Barton, milliners and dressmakers, Tacket street
Pretty, William, Fonnereau road
Prettyman, Charles, solicitor, Silent street
Pryke, John, Freemasons’ tavern, Victoria street, London road
Pryke, Frederic, tailor and draper, St. Matthew’s street
Pryke, Elizabeth, milliner and dress-maker, Victoria road
Pryke, John, shopkeeper, St. Peter’s street
Price, Frederic, boot and shoe maker, Tacket street
Pulfer, William, carpenter, St. Peter’s street
Pye, George, flax manufacturer, Gray Friars’ Works
Quadling, Edwin, coach builder, St. Austin’s street
Rackham, Samuel R., master mariner, Fore street
Raffe, Charles, merchant’s clerk, Priory place
Rainbird, Robert, printer, and clerk and sexton to St. Margaret’s church,
Soane street
Ralph, Carrington, fishmonger, Fore street
Randall, William G., broker and auctioneer, Upper Brook street
Rands, Nathaniel, shopkeeper, Victoria street
Ranson, Henry, flour seller, Fore street
Ransomes and Sims, ironfounders, engineers, and manufacturers of
agricultural implements, Orwell Works
Ransome and Co., patent stone manufacturers, Kent wharf
Ransdale, Robert, Norwich Arms, Fore street
Raphael, Abraham, hat and cap manufacturer, Fore street
Ralph, Charles, Wellington inn, Carr street
Rayner, John, shoemaker, Fore hamlet
Ray, William J., linen draper and silk mercer, Upper Brook street
Ray, Maria and Emma, milliners, Upper Brook street
Raynham, Eliza, fancy repository, St. Nicholas’ street
Rea, Robert, seedsman and florist, London road
Read, William, St. Edmund’s Head, St. Mary Elms
Read, John, Postchaise, Woodbridge road
Read, Daniel, watch and clock maker, Westgate street
Read, Mary Ann, dressmaker, King street
Read, Henry, French polisher, King street
Read, Charles, hairdresser, Fore street
Read, Edward T., tailor and hatter, Tavern street
Read, Harriet, dressmaker, Coleman street
Read, Adolphus, carver, gilder, and house decorator, Westgate street and
Queen street
Read, James, bookseller, Cornhill
Redgrave, Joseph, saddler, trunk and portmanteau manufacturer, &c., Old
Butter market
Redgrave, James, agent for Steward, Patteson, Finch, and Co., brewers and
spirit merchants, &c., St. Margaret’s green
Reeder, Robert, baker, Fore street
Reeve, James, shopkeeper, Bath street
Reeve, Robert, painter and glazier, Silent street
Reeve, Samuel, carpenter and builder, Upper Orwell street
Richardson, Robert, Duke of Cambridge, Old Gaol lane
Richardson, Thomas, Butchers’ Home, Friars’ street
Rice, Philip, White Bear, Clay street
Richards, John, tailor and tobacconist, St. Matthew’s street
Richmond, James, boot and shoe maker, Upper Orwell street
Ridley and Grimwade, chemists, wholesale and export druggists, oil and
colormen, and inventors of the improved anti-corrosive paint, Fore street
Ridley, John, ironmonger, Cornhill
Ridley, G. and H., wine and spirit merchants, brewers, maltsters, agents
to the Norwich Union Fire and Life offices, and coal merchants, Fore
street
Ringer, William Smith, shopkeeper, California
Ringer, Edward, saddler, Fore street
Ringham, Henry, carver, Trafalgar road
Ring, Richard, saddler and harness maker, Crown street
Ringe, William, saddler and harness maker, Carr street
Ritchie, James, tea and china dealer, and agent to the Scotch Provincial
Life and Fire Assurance office, Old Butter market
Ringer, William S., grocer and tea dealer, Tacket street
Rix, Benjamin, brewer, land agent, and auctioneer, Westgate street
Robinson, Henry, gun and pistol maker and cutler, Westgate street
Robinson, James, haircutter and perfumer, Westgate street
Robinson, William, grocer, Bell lane
Robinson and Co., drapers, Fore street
Robertson, Cranmer, and Co., watchmakers and jewellers, Upper Brook
street
Robinson, Charles, whitesmith and bell hanger, King street
Roberts, Thomas, haircutter, Coleman street
Robertson, Alexander, silversmith, Silent street
Robson, William, tea dealer, Little Coleman street
Roe, William, auctioneer and broker, Thoroughfare
Roe, Owen, carver and gilder, Upper Brook street
Roe, Joseph, broker, Upper Brook street
Rogers, Elijah, boot and shoe maker, Baker street
Rogers, William, shopkeeper, Baker street
Root, William, plumber and painter, Adelphi place, Lower Brook street
Rose, Edward, fruiterer, Fore hamlet
Rose, John, eating house, St. Matthew’s street
Rose, George, shopkeeper, Globe lane
Ross, Thomas B., auctioneer, estate agent, and agent to the Crown Life
Assurance company, St. Nicholas’ place
Roy, William, fishmonger, Prince of Wales, Fore street
Rudland, Maria, eating house, St. Stephen’s lane
Rudling, Henry, Happy Return, Foundry road
Russell, William, Saracen’s Head, St. Margaret’s green
Russell, Frederic B., artist, Orwell Cottage
Rush, William, draper and tailor, Upper Brook street
Sallows, Robert, corn chandler, Carr str.
Sallows, Robert, merchant, Mill house, Bramford road
Salmon, George, joiner and cabinet maker, St. Peter’s street
Sampson, George G., surgeon, St. Matthew’s street
Scarlett, William, plumber, glazier, &c., Dial lane
Schulen, Mary Ann, coarseware potter, Rope lane
Schulen and Co., watchmakers, silversmiths, jewellers, and opticians,
Cornhill
Schulen, John William, earthenware manufacturer, Eagle street; works, St.
Helen’s
Schulen, John, Crown and Anchor, Dock road
Scoggins, John, printer and stationer, Orwell place
Scott, James, shopkeeper, Lower Orwell street
Scope, Richard, shopkeeper, St. Margaret’s street
Scott, James, hairdresser, Fore street
Scrivener, John, bread and biscuit baker, Cornhill
Scrivener, John T., ironmonger, Queen street
Scrivener and Grimwood, corn merchants, St. Helen’s street
Seagrave, David, butcher, Tacket street
Seagriffe, William, Cross Keys, Carr street
Seagrave, William N., marine store dealer, St. Margaret’s street
Seager, Joseph, pork butcher, Friars’ street
Setterfield, George, grocer, Queen street
Sewell, James, hat manufacturer, Northgate street
Sewell, Edward, cheese merchant, St. Peter’s road
Self, Henry, shopkeeper, Rope lane
Senton, James, Free Trade tavern, Handford road
Setterfield, Eliza, eating house, Fore street
Setterfield, Henry, coachmaker, Falcon street
Sharman, David, Griffin inn, Handford road
Shave, Charles, purveyor, Fore street
Shephard, Simon, beer house, Foundry road
Shephard, William, butcher, Upper Brook street
Shephard, Robert, merchant, St. Helen’s street
Shewell and Smith, linen and woollen drapers, tailors, and Manchester
warehousemen, Cornhill
Ship, Robert, corn chandler, St. Margaret’s green
Ship, William, corn chandler, King str.
Shildrake, John, C., boot and shoe maker, Carr street
Shribbs, William, carpenter, Handford road
Shorten, Charles F., veterinary surgeon, Museum street
Silburn, Charles, tea and Italian warehouse, Tavern street
Silverston, William, chemist, St. Nicholas’ street
Simpson, Henry, butcher, Thoroughfare
Simpson, James, boot and shoe maker, St. Lawrence street
Simpson, Samuel, builder, Museum street
Simons, Robert, butcher, Lower Orwell street
Singleton, W. and Son, ironmongers, Old Butter market
Singleton, G. and W., wheelwrights, St. Margaret’s green
Singleton, George, grocer, St. Margaret’s green
Singleton, Thomas B., short-hand writer, St. Helen’s street
Skeet, R., Griffin cottage, Bromford road
Skinner, William B., carpenter and joiner, Norwich road
Skinner, W., builder, Norwich road
Smart, John, artist, Park terrace
Smith, Thomas, shoemaker, Victoria road
Smith, William, tailor, New Friars’ road
Smith, W., builder, Back hamlet
Smith, William, hair cutter, Angel lane
Smith, William, Albion Hill brewery, Woodbridge road
Smith, Daniel, cow keeper and gardener, Woodbridge road
Smith, Thomas, hairdresser, St. Matthew’s street
Smith, William and John, linen drapers, and baby linen warehouse, St.
Matthew’s street
Smith, Joseph, tailor, Fore street
Smith, Edward, Lord Nelson, Fore street
Smith, Brown, Sorrel Horse, Fore street
Smith, John, boot and shoe maker, Prince’s street
Smith, —, builder, Fore street
Smith, Henry, hairdresser, St. Helen’s st.
Smith, John, tailor and woollen draper, Tavern street
Smith, William, carpenter, Upper Orwell street
Smith, Paul, grocer, Rope lane
Smith, Thomas, coach spring maker, Old Goal lane
Smith and Gladill, ornamental japanners, house painters and decorators,
John street, St. Clement’s
Smith, William, manufacturing cutler, Westgate street
Smith, James, cabinet maker, Friars’ road
Smith, William, shopkeeper, St. Nicholas’ street
Smith, Harriet, Horse and Groom, Woodbridge road
Smith, James, cabinet maker, Tanners’ lane
Smith, Thomas, marine store dealer, Lady’s lane
Snell, Robert B., baker, Rope lane
Southeron, Samuel, hair cutter, Friars’ street
Southgate, Thomas, whitesmith, locksmith, and bell hanger, Friars’ street
and Wolsey street
Spalding, William, bookseller and stationer, Westgate street
Sparks, John, chronometer, watch and clock maker, Tavern street
Sparrowe, John E., solicitor, Tower court
Sparrow, John, paper hanger, Back street
Sparrow, William, baker, St. Margaret’s street
Spearman, James, junr., dyer, &c., St. Matthew’s street
Spearman, James, senr., dyer, &c., St. Matthew’s street
Spinks, Edward, brush maker, St. Nicholas’ street
Sporle, Hannah, ladies’ shoe warehouse, Dial lane
Sporle, George, boot and shoe maker, Bell lane
Spring, Henry Thomas, soda water manufacturer, St. Matthew’s street
Spurling, Samuel, shopkeeper, Crown street
Squires, Susannah H., shopkeeper, Upper Brook street
Squires, William, confectioner, Tacket street
Squirrell, Obadiah, corn merchant, Orwell place
Stannard, William, baker and grocer, Mount street
Stammers, John, furniture broker, Dog’s Head lane
Stannard, John, hairdresser, St. Nicholas’ street
Stannard, John, Portobello inn, and painter, Upper Orwell street
Steam, Thomas, plumber, glazier, and painter, Fore street
Steadman, William, clerk, Fonnereau road
Stevens, Charles, cabinet maker and upholsterer, St. Peter’s road
Stevens, Edward T., furniture broker, Cheapside
Stevens, William, shopkeeper, branch post-office, Bridge street
Stevens, Robert, Royal William gardens, London road
Stevens, Henry, plumber, glazier, painter, and gas fitter, Carr street
Stevens, Robert, boot and shoe maker, Upper Brook street
Stewart, Henry, shopkeeper, St. Helen’s street
Stewart, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Carr street
Stephens, Harriet, inn, St. Stephen’s lane
Steel, William, shopkeeper, St. James’ street
Stidolph, George F., organ builder and pianoforte manufacturer,
Woodbridge road
Stokes, Samuel, green grocer, Church street
Stokes, Susanna, shopkeeper, St. Peter’s street
Stockins, Thomas, saddler, Dock street
Stokes, Joseph, photographic artist, St. Peter’s street
Storey, George, watchmaker, St. Margaret’s street
Stollery, John, Welcome Stranger, Fore hamlet
Stuart, Charles, printer, Elm street
Stubb, John C., manager of the Electric Telegraph Office, Queen street
Sugars, William, Eclipse, Orwell place
Suthers, William, Falcon inn, Queen street
Suthers, William, fancy repository, Old Butter market
Sulley, Charles, newspaper proprietor and general printer, Old Butter
market
Surl, Robert, corn chandler, Carr street
Swindle, James, clothes dealer, Upper Orwell street
Symonds, Samuel, Old Times, California
Sykes, John, corn chandler, St. Margaret’s green
Talbott, George, commercial coffee and dining rooms, Queen street
Talbot, John, senr., soda water and ginger beer manufacturer, Crown
street
Talbot, John, junr., bookseller and news agent, Crown street
Taylor and Sons, musicians, Norwich road
Taylor, John, butcher, Tacket street
Taylor and Co., linen and woollen drapers, Cornhill
Taylor, John, perfumer and family chemist, Fore street
Taylor, Augustus R., grocer and tea dealer, Key street
Taylor, William, Vine inn, Church street
Taylor, Robert, corn chandler, St. Matthew’s street
Taylor, Thomas, coal merchant, Whip street
Taylor, Samuel, butcher, King street
Taylor, Joseph, boot and shoe maker, Norwich road
Taylor, Robert, district locomotive superintendent, Barlow Cottage
Taylor, Caroline, milliner, Carr street
Taylor, William, grocer, Woodbridge road
Taylor, William, timber merchant, Pimplet street
Thurman, Isaac, corn chandler, Key street
Thurston, Joseph, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Old Butter market
Thrower, Henry, wholesale and retail grocer, St. Peter’s street
Thomas, Sidney, gas engineer, St. Helen’s street
Thomas and Brothers, wholesale stay manufacturers, St. Stephen’s lane
Thurston, John, Feathers, Westgate str.
Thompson, Susan, confectioner, Tavern street
Thurlow, John, Dove inn, St. Helen’s street
Thurston, George B., Theatre tavern, Tacket street
Teager, John H., engineer, whitesmith, and bell hanger, King street
Tilley, George, glass and china shop, St. Peter’s street
Titlow, Robert, tailor and woollen draper, Fore street
Todd, James, boot and shoe maker, St. Matthew’s street
Tognola, James, cane worker, Crown str.
Todd, Louisa, corset maker, St. Matthew’s
Tomkin, the Misses, boarding school, Norwich road
Tooke, John, basket maker, Fore street
Tooley, Robert, Trafalgar, Trafalgar road
Townsend, J. E. and E., outfitting establishment, King street
Townsend and Son, fishmongers, King street, Prince’s street
Tovell, George S., stone and tile merchant, 3, Crane’s wharf
Townshend, Alicia, Quay House, College street
Tracy, John, surgeon dentist, Tacket str.
Trenton, Henry, butcher, St. Matthew’s street
Tricker, Frederic, Porter’s House, Fore street
Trundle, James S., saddler and harness maker, Cornhill
Tunmer, Henry and George, woollen drapers and tailors, Tacket street
Turner, E. R. and F., agricultural implement makers, St. Peter’s
Turner, W. and A. J., leather merchants, tanners, and curriers, Prince’s
street
Turner, George, auctioneer and valuer, land and brewery agent, Carlton
Chambers, Westgate street
Turner and Kettle, gardeners and florists, Blooming Myrtle Gardens, St.
Clement’s
Turner, George, woollen draper and tailor, Tavern street
Turner, Robert, George and Dragon, St. Margaret’s plain
Turner, James, baker, Lower Orwell str.
Turner, John, butcher, Westgate street
Turner, Shadrach, shoemaker, Carr street
Turner, Joseph, junr., grocer, Wyke’s Bishop hill
Turner, William, confectioner, St. Austin’s street, St. Peter’s
Tye, Mary Ann, boot and shoe maker, Victoria street
Ungless, Henry R., metal dealer, Rope lane
Utting, George R., Black Bell, Elm str.
Vesey, William, tailor, Crown street
Vince, Daniel, Rose and Crown, Norwich road
Vince, John, blacksmith, St. Margaret’s plain
Vincent, Nathaniel, veterinary surgeon, Handford road
Wade, John, Beehive tavern, Old Butter market
Wade, George, saddler and harness maker, Cornhill
Wade, Stephen, grocer, Wherstead road
Wade, William, hairdresser, Fore street
Wainwright, Samuel, wholesale grocer and tea dealer, Tavern street
Wall, Edward, confectioner, Old Butter market
Ward, James, carpenter, Old Gaol lane
Wallis, Messrs. H. and A., corn merchants, Old Butter market
Waller, Joseph, butcher, St. Peter’s street
Waller, Frederic, grocer and tea dealer, Upper Brook street
Ward, John, builder, Woodbridge road
Ward, William, fishmonger, Tacket str.
Ward, Robert, grocer, Eagle street
Ward, Emma, dressmaker, Victoria road
Waller, Henry, farmer, Handford hall
Wardle, Samuel, commercial traveller, St. Helen’s street
Warmisham, Samuel, scale and mill maker, St. Nicholas’ street and
Bishopsgate street, London
Warren, John, working jeweller, Westgate street
Warne, William, fruiterer, Prince’s street
Warner, William, cooper, Fore street
Warwicker, Thomas, saddler, Norwich road
Watson, Edward, hat manufacturer, Old Butter market
Watson, Sarah, milliner and dress maker, Tavern street
Watson, Henry, registrar of births and deaths, for St. Matthew’s
district, Norwich road
Webb, William, Wheat Sheaf, Commercial road
Webb, William, Foresters’ Arms, Rope lane
Webb, Robert, grocer and corn chandler, Fore street
Webb, Samuel, Halberd, St. Mary’s tower
Webber, Hedge and Co., linseed merchants and crushers, Handford mills
Weightman, Isabella, fruit and seed establishment, Queen street
Webster, William H., surgeon, Woodbridge road
Welham, John, tailor, King street
Welham, George, broker, Fore street
Wellum, Robert, Castle inn, Lower Orwell street
Wellum, Nicholas, Neptune inn, Fore street
Wellington, Amelia, shopkeeper, Upper Orwell street
Webster, Joseph, Maltsters’ Arms, Bell lane
Wells, Charles L., broker, Carr street
Wells, Higgs, and Co., tea dealers, Tavern street
Wells, John, Cow and Gate, Key street
Wells, William, pork butcher, Fore street
Wenn, Eleanor, dressmaker, Friars’ street
West, Sarah, shopkeeper, Lady’s lane
Westhorpe, Stirling, solicitor, Thoroughfare
Westhorpe, Samuel, shoemaker, Handford road
Whait, William, millinery establishment, St. Margaret’s street
Whayman, Matthias, confectioner, Tavern street
Wheeler, George, King’s Head, King str.
Whight, John, builder, Foundation street
White, Sarah, green grocer, Fore street
Whitehead, Joseph, Bull’s Head, Orwell place
Whitehead, William, beerhouse and shopkeeper, New street
Whittle, William, Saddlers’ Arms, Victoria street
Whybrew, William, cooper, Norwich road
Wiggin, John, chemist, dealer in oils, colors, and British wines, agent
to the Atlas Fire office, St. Matthew’s street
Wiles, Mary A., baby linen warehouse, Tavern street
Wilkins, William P., engineer, coppersmith, and millwright, St. Helen’s
str.
Williams, James, sculptor and mason, California
Williams, John, working jeweller, St. Matthew’s street
Wilson, Henry, clothes dealer, Upper Orwell street
Wilkinson, Henry, Shannon inn, Foundry road
Williams, Joseph, furniture dealer, New Market lane
Wilson, George, shoemaker, Silent street
Wilson, William, linen draper, Fore str.
Wisby, Edward, fruiterer, Fore street
Wisby, Eliza, green grocer, Fore street
Wolner, Thomas, shopkeeper, St. Helen’s street
Woolner, George, hairdresser, Rope lane
Woolnough, Susan, milliner, Northgate street
Woolnough, William L., builder, Norwich road
Woolnough, Henry, architect and surveyor, Colman street
Woolterton, Robert, corn chandler, St. Matthew’s street
Wood, William, Cow and Pail, Rope lane
Woods, Robert, sea captain, Upper Orwell street
Woods, James D., plumber and glazier, St. Margaret’s street
Woods, William, Three Crowns, St. Austin’s street, St. Peter’s
Woods, Geo., shoemaker, Wyke’s Bishop hill
Woods, James, baker and shopkeeper, Woodbridge road
Woods, William, fishmonger, Queen street
Woods, Robert, Eagle tavern, Upper Orwell street
Woods, George, grocer, &c., Victoria street
Worby, David, Sea Horse, College street
Worts, Joseph, solicitor’s clerk, St. Nicholas’ street
Wretts, the Misses, boarding and day school, Fonnereau road
Wright, George, boot and shoe maker, Berners street
Wright, Henry, hairdresser, Fore hamlet
Wright, Edward, Lion inn, St. Margaret’s street
Wright, Daniel H., shoemaker, Upper Orwell street
Wright, John, shot foundry, Falcon street
Wright, Benjamin, baker, Bell lane
Wright, Misses L. E. and M., millinery, dressmaking, straw bonnet, and
baby-linen establishment, Westgate street
Wyard, Charles, dealer in marine stores, St. Margaret’s street
Youngman, Emma, Masons’ Arms, Rope lane

                                * * * * *

The POST-OFFICE is at the top of Queen-street.  Mr. William Stevenson
Fitch is the postmaster.  Three deliveries of letters take place in the
town each day, and eight village postmen go daily to the surrounding
country.  There are four receiving boxes in different parts of the town.
The Mails are despatched by rails, &c., to London and all parts at 7.55
morning and 10 night, and to Bury St. Edmund’s, Cambridge, North of
England, &c., at one afternoon.  Mail Carts to Felixstow, Woodbridge,
Saxmundham, Yarmouth, &c., every morning.  The Letter Box closes at 10
night.  Money Orders are granted and paid from 9½ morning to 6 evening.
The Post-office Clerks are Messrs. John Madocks, James Saxty, William
Whitehead, and Richard Charles Duningham.  The Town Letter Carriers are
Messrs. George Brame, Edgar Boar, Jos. Wilson, William Goddard, and
Thomas Wilde.  A new Post-Office is in course of erection.



BRAMFORD.


A railway station, parish, and considerable village on the Eastern Union
railway and navigable river Gipping, 2½ miles north-west from Ipswich, in
Bosmere and Claydon Hundred and Union, East Suffolk; contained a
population of 833 in 1841, and in 1851, 997.  Its area is 3,168 acres.
Here is a common of 10 acres, and 10 acres in cottage gardens.  Sir P.
Broke, Bart., is lord of the manor, and owner of a large portion of the
soil.  The church of St. Stephen is a neat building, with square tower
and leaden spire; the living is a vicarage in the gift of the Dean and
Chapter of Canterbury, and the Rev. S. W. Maul is the present incumbent.
There is also a small Independent chapel.

Allen, Alfred, and Emma, National school for boys and girls
Bagley, John, blacksmith
Baxter, Benjamin, grocer, &c.
Bowman, James, baker
Bramford, James, farmer
Burch, John, saddler and harness maker
Chamberlain, James, boot and shoe maker
Clarke, Mr. William Chapman, Bramford hill
Doe, William, bricklayer
Dyer, Mrs.
Giles, Isaac, shoemaker
Green, W. P., farmer
Hardy, George, Cock, and butcher
Harrison, Francis, carpenter
Haward, Henry, farmer
Hitchcock, Ebenezer, miller, maltster, and baker
Hughes, Thomas, carpenter and wheelwright
Kerridge, Samuel, beer retailer
King, James, wheelwright and post-office receiving house
Larter, Thomas, nursery, seedsman, and florist
Leadbetter, Mrs. Ann
Leggatt, John, Esq.
Lewis, Joseph, farmer
Lewis, Mary Ann, seminary
Lovely, Wm., Crown, and nurseryman, Whitton road
Mays, Thomas, shoemaker
Morgan, John, farmer, Pigeon farm
Mudd, John, farmer, Tye farm
Mumford, R. W., farmer, Grove house
Mumford, William Henry, farmer, Sycamore House
Pallant, Thomas, butcher and farmer
Parish, Ann, shopkeeper and beer retailer
Steward, Rev. Ambrose, M.A., Whitton White house
Stokes, Mr. Robert, Bramford hill
Palmer, Henry, Angel
Simpson, George, cooper
Talmash, William, tailor
Wake, Henry, farmer and assessor of taxes
Wood, R. R. Esq.



WHITTON.


A parish and village, 1½ miles N.E. from Bramford station, 72 miles from
London, and 2 N. from Ipswich; contained a population of 484 inhabitants
in 1851.  The church of Whitton, dedicated to St. Mary, has lately been
rebuilt, and very much enlarged.  The living is a rectory, valued at
£250.  The Bishop of Ely is patron, and the Rev. W. Howorth, M.A. is the
incumbent.

Badham, George D. Esq., Sparrow’s Nest
Bloomfield, John, farmer
Bowman, Alfred, farmer
Catt, Samuel, farmer
Catt, Samuel, jun., farmer
Clarke, Richard, farmer
Clarke, Richard, junr., wheelwright
Clark, Richard, carpenter and timber merchant
Day, Edward, shoemaker
Field, Edward, corn miller
Flindell, John, Orford tavern
Gall, Mr. James
Hallam, Miss Maria
Hewitt, Benjamin, shoemaker
Hitchcock, E., miller
Howard, Stephen, farmer
Howorth, Rev. W. m.a., rector
Hubbard, Jonathan, bailiff, Lodge
Kersey, Thomas E., farmer
Kersey, Clement, farmer
King, Henry, blacksmith
Lovely, William, nurseryman and seedsman, Crown inn
Nunn, James, butcher, &c.
Nunn, James, farmer
Nichols, Mr. George
Office, Edward, bailiff, Dale Hall
Palmer, Elizabeth, schoolmistress
Pike, Jeremiah, baker and gardener
Pratt, Isaac, victualler, Maypole
Rogers, Miss
Rowland, Samuel, farmer
Scutcheon, William, shopkeeper
Smith, Richard, shoemaker and sexton
Sparrowe, Miss Sarah
Stevenson, Henry, cattle dealer
Steward, Charles, Esq., Thurlston lodge
Steward, Rev. Ambrose, White house
Travis, Mr. William Hardy
Wood, Francis, whitesmith
Wollard, Edward, shoemaker
Wollard, Thomas, wheelwright



KESGRAVE.


KESGRAVE is a small village 3½ miles E. from Ipswich, and 3½ S.W. from
Woodbridge, in Carlford Hundred and Norwich Bishopric.  The living is a
perpetual curacy, in the gift of Sir John Shawe, value £58.  The church
is a brick building with square tower.  The Rev. W. Collett, M.A., is the
incumbent.  Population 86.  Robert Newton Shawe, Esq., is lord of the
manor.

Cornwell, Robert, victualler, Bell inn
Turner, William, farmer
Wolton, Samuel, jun., farmer



RUSHMERE.


RUSHMERE is a neat village, 3 miles N.E. from Ipswich station, and 5 S.W.
of Woodbridge, in Carlford Hundred and Norwich Bishopric, East Suffolk.
The living is a vicarage, value £170, in the gift of the Marquis of
Bristol.  The church of St. Andrew is an ancient building with flint
tower.  The Rev. W. Wigson, B.A., is the incumbent.  Population in 1851
was 678.

Abbott, Mr. Nathaniel
Baker, Thomas, victualler, Greyhound
Barham, Mr. William
Betts, Henry, miller, Tower mill
Birch, Mr. John
Boggis, Rev. W. R. T., b.a., Cottage
Clarke, Joseph, farmer, Poplar farm
Crisp, John, carpenter
Dawson, William, miller and farmer
Durrant, Christopher Mercer, m.d., and Ipswich
Everett, Joseph D., farmer
Farthing, G., butcher and victualler, Britannia
Gale, John, farmer, Hall
Halls, Jas., shopkeeper and colt breaker
Hillin, James, Bixley decoy ponds
Howes, Lucy, National schoolmistress
Jackson, Isaac, joiner, &c.
Janson, Richard, Esq., White House
Kennell, William, brickyard manager
Mann, William, shoemaker
Newson, William, farmer
Parish, Joshua, beer house, Hop Garden
Perry, Mr. Stephen
Potter, James, wheelwright
Potter, Frederick, boot and shoe maker
Schreiber, W. Frederick, Esq., Round Wood
Segger, Philip, parish clerk and smith
Segger, John, blacksmith
Sherman, Mr. Thomas
Shewell, Mr. John
Skeet, Robert James
Walford, Thomas, shopkeeper
Wigson, Rev. William, M.A., vicarage
Wilson, Pettit, farmer and beer house
Wolton, Samuel, junr., Bixley farm



MARTLESHAM.


MARTLESHAM, near the Deben estuary, is a parish and small village, 1½
mile S.W. of Woodbridge, and 6 E. by N. of Ipswich, in Carlford Hundred
and Norwich Bishopric, East Suffolk.  The living is a rectory, value
£370, in the gift of Frederick Gooden Doughty, Esq., who is lord of the
manor.  The Rev. Thomas D. Betts, B.A., is the incumbent.  The church of
St. Mary is a stone building, with a tower.  Population 477.

Balls, Zedekiah, blacksmith
Betts, Rev. Thos. D’Eye, B.A., rectory
Brighton, Thomas, farmer
Cadd, William, corn miller
Fletcher, Charles, carpenter
Garrod, Lydia, farmer
Gobbett, William, farmer
Groom, Roger, brewer and victualler, Red Lion, and farmer
Groom, Frederick, farmer
Hayward, Robert, farmer
Hill, James, farmer
Howes, James, farmer
Hudson, John, shopkeeper and shoemaker
Kent, Catherine, shopkeeper
Kerridge, Daniel, blacksmith
Pollard, John, farmer
Rampling, Charles, farmer
Ramsey, George, parish clerk
Read, George, wheelwright
Runnacles, Robert, farmer
Spink, Major-General Sir John, K.H., Beacon Hill house



WESTERFIELD.


A village 2 miles N.E. of Ipswich.  Its population in 1841 was 324.  The
church of St. Mary is a small, neat building, with square tower.  The
living is a rectory.  The tithes have been commuted for £350 per annum:
the Bishop of Norwich is patron, and the Rev. Charles Drage, M.A., is the
incumbent.

Ablett, Mr. Adolphus
Adams, Hannah, gardener
Aldrich, Rev. John Cobbold, M.A., incumbent of St. Lawrence, Weaterfield
House
Birch, Joseph, carpenter
Birch, Thomas, farmer
Bird, Thomas, farmer
Cage, William, blacksmith
Davy, Robert, pig dealer and beer house
Drage, Rev. Charles, M.A., rectory
Edwards, E., Hall
Garrod, John, gardener
Haggar, J., bailiff
Hammond, Jeremiah, shoemaker
Norman, Nathaniel, jun., shopkeeper
Payne, Ann, farmer
Payne, George, farmer
Potter, Robert, parish clerk
Salter, Henry, farmer
Shelby, Robert, farmer
Smith, E., bailiff
Threadkell, William B., corn miller
Turner, Joseph, shopkeeper

                                * * * * *



FRESTON.


A pleasant village, on the banks of the river Orwell, 3½ miles south of
Ipswich, and 3½ E. from Brently station; is in Samford Hundred, and
contained, in 1851, 224 inhabitants.  The church of St. Peter is a neat
fabric, with square tower.  The living is a rectory, value £376.  The
Rev. Alfred Bond is the patron and incumbent.

Bond, Rev. Alfred, rector, Rectory
Birch, John, blacksmith
Coulson, Charles, parish clerk
Hare, George, farmer
Hunt, John, builder
Manning, John and William, farmers
Mead, Aaron, Boat inn
Sage, Benjamin, farmer, Wood’s farm
Sage, Joseph, joiner, (Post-office)
Sage, Thomas, shopkeeper, &c.
Venn, Edward Beaumont, Esq., Lodge
Waterman, Henry, farmer
Williams, Hannah, schoolmistress



COPDOCK.


COPDOCK is a village and parish 3½ miles S.W. from Ipswich, in Samford
Hundred and Union, East Suffolk, Norwich Bishopric.  The living is a
rectory, with the vicarage of Washbrook annexed.  It is in the gift of
Lord Walsingham; the incumbent is the Hon. and Rev. Fred. de Grey, M.A.
The church of St. Peter has a square tower, containing 5 bells.  The
population in 1851 was 349.  Lord Walsingham is lord of the manor.

Bickmore, Thomas, farmer
Bond, Mrs. Elizabeth, Copdock house
Bruce, Richard, farmer
Cook, Robert, blacksmith
Davis, Thomas, organist
De Grey, Hon. and Rev. Frederic, M.A.
Edwards, Henry, farmer
Josselyn, James, Eagle
King, George, wheelwright and parish clerk
Marshall, Stephen, farmer, Copdock hall
Mayhew, Samuel, corn miller
Norfolk, James, Mace hall
Pallant, John, thatcher
Plumb, Mr. and Mrs., National school
Salmon, George, butcher
Shepherd, George, shoemaker
Shorten, Charles T. and A. J. veterinary surgeons, New hall and Ipswich
Whight, Robert Frederic, carpenter and victualler, White Elm
Wrattisham, John, Esq., Copdock lodge



WHERSTEAD.


A small, pleasant village, 2 miles S. from Ipswich, in Samford Hundred,
containing 238 inhabitants.  The church, dedicated to St. Mary, is a neat
fabric, with square tower and 3 bells.  The living is a vicarage, in the
gift of the Crown, and the Rev. Foster Barbara Zincke, A.B., is the
present incumbent.

Addison, Daniel, parish clerk
Baxter, Enos Page, victualler, Ostrich inn
Bradbrook, Thomas, woodman
Calver, Edward, carpenter
Frost, Charles, farmer, Parrington hall
Hawes, John, bailiff, Hall
Heigham, George T., Esq., the Grove
Page, Joseph, gardener
Sexton, George, Thorington hall
Sexton, Robert, farmer, Brown hall
Schreiber, Capt. Charles, Blue Gates
Wilsmore, Joseph, blacksmith, Post office
Zincke, Rev. F. B., B.A., vicar



TUDDENHAM.


A parish and village, 3 miles north-east from Ipswich, in Carlford
Hundred and Woodbridge Union.  The church of St. Martin is an ancient
edifice, with square tower, containing 5 bells and clock.  The living is
a vicarage, now enjoyed by the Rev. A. Paton, A.M.  The population in
1851 was 425.

Allen, Eli W., farmer
Amass, John, victualler, Fountain
Betts, Charles and Frederic, farmers
Bugg, Samuel, farmer
Chapman, Samuel, farmer
Damant, Arthur, joiner, &c.
Finch, W., shopkeeper
Garnham, John, shopkeeper
Hammond, W., postman to Ipswich
Keer, John, saddler
Kill, George, blacksmith and beer house
Lacey, Robert, farmer
Ling, Samuel, Tuddenham hall
Luff, James, farmer
Luff, James, brick and tile maker
Neve, John, farmer and corn miller
Paton, Rev. Alexander, M.A., Vicarage
Rice, John, maltster
Robinson, Samuel, farmer
Rush, David, farmer
Strait, Isabella Grace, boarding school
Woolnough, W., farmer



WASHBROOK.


A village and parish 2½ miles north of Capel station, 3½ S.W. of Ipswich,
in the Samford Hundred and Union, East Suffolk.  The living is a
vicarage, annexed to the rectory of Copdock, of which the Hon. and Rev.
Frederick De Grey, M.A., is the incumbent.  The population in 1851 was
514.  There is a small Wesleyan Chapel, and a Police Station of the East
Suffolk Constabulary.

Bishop, Robert, parish clerk
Cant, William, baker and flour dealer
Cattermull, Jonathan, police officer
Catton, Herbert, farmer, Amor hall
Dakin, John, farmer
Dakin, Mercy, farmer
Edwards, George, bricklayer
Game, John, farmer, Birch house
Gentry, James, farmer
Hayward, Edward, provision dealer
Kerridge, Daniel, relieving officer
Lambert, John, shoemaker
Martin, James Darby, Rookery
Minter, Wm. brewer, malster, and victualler, Swan
Nunn, Samuel, shopkeeper
Raw, Mr. John, Washbrook grove
Trent, William, farmer
Twaites, John, shopkeeper
Watcham, John, painter and glazier
Whight, Thomas, joiner, &c.



MELTON.


MELTON is a large and populous village on the river Deben, ½ a mile
north-east from Woodbridge, of which it is a suburb, in Wilford Hundred,
East Suffolk.  The living is a rectory, in the gift of the Dean and
Chapter of Ely; the Rev. Christopher George Walton, M.A., is the
incumbent.  The church, which is situated at a distance from the village,
is dedicated to St. Andrew.  About a mile on the left, on the road to
Wickham Market, is the County Lunatic Asylum, which was formerly a house
of industry for the Loes and Wilford Hundreds, and was purchased by the
county magistrates in 1827, and opened in 1829 for the reception of
pauper lunatics: John Kirkman, M.D., is the superintendent, and Mr.
George Durrant, house steward.  The parish contains 1,420 acres of land,
and the population, in 1851, was 1,039, including 269 in the asylum.

Adderson, Mr. Joseph, Retreat
Anderson, Wm. Hennesey, saddler
Aplin, Capt. Richard, Melton lodge
Ashford, Alfred, clerk
Asten, James, beerhouse
Baker, Mr. James
Bilby, Mrs. Sarah
Barrall, George, parish clerk
Bennington, Nathaniel, corn merchant, &c.
Booth, George, tailor
Brooke, Cooper Charles, solicitor, Grove
Buckingham, Mrs. Matilda Sophia
Calver, Thomas, wheelwright
Capon, Francis, butcher
Carthew, Wm. Morden, Esq.
Churchyard, James, gent.
Collins, Thomas, millwright, and Mrs. Eliza
Cook, Wm., brick and tile maker, Wilford Bridge
Culpil, John, wheelwright
Cullum, Samuel, gardener and florist
Durrant, George, steward, Asylum
Durrant, Mrs., milliner
Fisher, Henry, hay and straw dealer
Frost, Francis, farmer
Gillingham, Isaac, victualler, Red Lion
Girling, Horace, iron founder, &c.
Goldsmith, John, farm bailiff
Gwyn, Mrs.
Hayward, Alfred, miller, and corn and coal merchant
Hughes, Rev. Thomas Williams, B.A., chaplain at Asylum
Hunt, John, gent.
Kirkman, Mr. Henry
Kirkman, John, M.D., supt., Asylum
Last, Robert, builder
Leech, Mary, midwife
Miller, Thomas, farmer
Moss, John, joiner, builder, plumber, &c.
Moss, J., blacksmith
Newson, John, farmer
Osborn, Jeremiah, shoemaker
Pratt, Ishmael, horse dealer and vict., Horse and Groom
Page and Girling, ironfounders, engineers, and agricultural implement
manufacturers
Page, James, ironfounder, &c.
Provart, Mr. Pp.
Patrick, Noah
Pytches, Major Thomas (deputy lieut.)
Read, Elizabeth, schoolmistress
Reeve, Robert Ashby, solicitor, Fern Villa
Riches, John, baker, &c.
Rout, W., farmer
Sawyer, Edward, baker and brewer
Schreiber, Wm. Fred. jun., Esq., Hill house
Shemmin, David, farm bailiff
Skoulding, William, grocer and draper
Smith, B., farmer
Smith, Edward, vict., Coach and Horses
Thompson and Bennington, corn and coal merchants, seedsmen and maltsters
Thompson, George Edw., h Woodbridge
Walford, Charles, Esq., Foxburgh hall
Walker, John, corn miller
Waller, Mrs. Maria
Wood, John, sen., Esq., Melton hall



SUTTON.


SUTTON is a village, distant 4 miles S.E. from Woodbridge in Wilford
Hundred and Norwich Bishopric, East Suffolk.  The living is a vicarage,
value £470.  The Rev. W. Nixon is the incumbent and patron.  The church
of All Saints is an ancient stone and brick structure.  There is also a
small Baptist Chapel here.  The population, in 1851, was 697.  Thomas
Waller, Esq., is lord of the manor.  Chicory is extensively cultivated
here.

Barrett, Robert, farmer, Little Hough
Edwards, Henry, Esq., Wood hall
Fairhead, — carpenter and parish clerk
Field, Rev. Robert, M.A., vicar
Freston, George, blacksmith
Garrod, Robert, bailiff
Girling, — Fenhall farm
Kett, Wm. Kell, surgeon
Large, Rev. W., Baptist minister
Nichols, James, corn miller
Roper, Charles, farmer, Vale farm
Skipper, James, shopkeeper
Solomon, Robert, vict., Plough inn
Walker, Isaac, farmer, Cliff
Walker, Nathaniel, farmer, Ferry
Waller, Thomas, Sutton hall
Wolton, Robert, shopkeeper



BROMESWELL.


BROMESWELL is a small village and parish, distant 4 miles S. from Wickham
Market, and 2 E. from Woodbridge.  The living is a rectory, value £250,
in the gift of the Marquis of Bristol.  The Rev. Robert H. King, M.A., is
the incumbent.  The church of St. Edmund is a brick structure, with stone
tower.  The population in 1851 was 206.

Burrows, Charles, shoemaker and shopkeeper
Burrows, John, farmer
Cook, Thomas, shopkeeper
Denington, George, farmer
Fairs, Samuel, farmer
Fairs, William, farmer
Gobbitt, Mrs., farmer
Goodchild, Robert, parish clerk
King, Rev. Robert H., Rectory
Parker, — victualler, Cherry Tree
Whaley, Mrs., schoolmistress




BURY ST. EDMOND’S.


Bury St. Edmond’s, is a borough, market town, and the capital of West
Suffolk, and has railway communication with Ipswich, Norwich, London, &c.
It is 94½ miles from London, 43 miles S.W. from Norwich, 14 miles E. from
Newmarket, and 26½ miles N.E. from Ipswich.  Its population in 1841 was
12,538, and in 1851, 13,902.

Bury is supposed to have been the Villa Faustina of the Romans, and
became a considerable town of the East English.  It derived its chief
fame and importance, however, from becoming the burial-place of St.
Edmund the Martyr, King of the East Angles.  The parishes are two, St.
Mary’s and St. James’s.  Here are held the spring assizes for Suffolk,
and the quarter sessions for the franchise of St. Edmund, of which this
is the chief place.  This is the place of election for West Suffolk, and
a polling place.  It is a borough, returning two members to Parliament,
and has a municipal corporation, with separate jurisdiction, consisting
of a mayor and the usual functionaries.  The market days are Wednesdays
and Saturdays.  At the former the dealings in corn and cattle are large;
the latter is chiefly for provisions.  The fairs are on Easter Tuesday,
October 2, and December 1.  The October fair is the great fair, and much
resorted to.  The December fair is a great cattle fair.  Bury is a grand
market for agricultural produce of all kinds.  The town is well built,
and is lighted with gas, and there are some good public buildings and
private dwellings.

St. James’s church was not finished till the reign of Edward VI., who
gave £200 towards its completion; it was thoroughly repaired in 1820,
when a new gallery was added; it has about 2,000 sittings, of which 250
are free; the benefice is a donative, endowed with a stipend, and is in
the patronage of Henry Wilson, Esq., of Stowlangtoft Hall, Suffolk; the
Hon. Rev. Edward Pellew, M.A., is the present incumbent.  The church,
dedicated to the Virgin Mary, was commenced in 1424.  In the chancel is a
monument in memory of Mary, daughter of King Henry VII., first married to
Louis XII., King of France, and afterwards to Charles Brandon, Duke of
Suffolk; she died at Westhorp, in 1533, and was buried in the abbey
church here.  It has been thoroughly repaired, at a cost of between
£6,000 and £7,000.  The repairs were made under the superintendence of
Mr. Cottingham, architect, Mr. Nash of London, Mr. Farrow of Diss, and
the chancel by Mr. Darkin, of this town; it has 2,000 sittings, of which
500 are free.  The benefice is a donative, endowed with a stipend, in the
patronage of John Fitzgerald, Esq.; the Rev. Charles James Phipps Eyre,
M.A., is the present incumbent.

St. John’s church is an elegant structure, built by subscription at a
cost of about £6,000, and consecrated October 21st, 1841; it has 850
sittings, half of which are free.  The church, dedicated to St. John the
Evangelist, is a perpetual curacy, endowed by the Marquis of Bristol and
Earl Jermyn with £100 per annum, out of land at Little Saxham; the Bishop
of Ely is patron, and the Rev. Robert Rushdall, M.A., incumbent.

A Roman Catholic chapel, dedicated to St. Edmund, was erected here in
1837, from designs by C. Day.  The Grammar School, in Northgate street,
was founded by King Edward VI., and is well endowed.  The Norman tower of
the grand abbey, erected in the reign of William the Conqueror, and now
forming the grand entrance of the churchyard of the two churches, St.
James and St. Mary, to the former of which it serves as the bell tower,
is considered one of the noblest specimens of Norman architecture in the
kingdom, and has undergone a complete repair, under the superintendence
of Mr. Cottingham, at an estimated cost of £3,000, contributed by the
parish and by public subscription.  King Edward IV. founded a college of
priests in College Street, and the building is now occupied as a
workhouse.  There were formerly several hospitals in the town, the
principal of which are God’s House at Southgate, dedicated to St. John
the Evangelist: St. Nicholas’s Hospital, at Eastgate, near the roads
leading to Ixworth and Fornham, founded by one of the abbots of Bury; the
extensive remains of the hospital and chapel form the principal part of a
farm-house: St. Saviour’s Hospital, founded by abbot Sampson, belongs to
St. John’s College, Cambridge.  Without Risby Gate stood an hospital
dedicated to St. Peter, founded by abbot Anselm in the reign of Henry I.
In the wall forming the eastern boundary of the abbey precinct, are some
arches, commonly known by the name of “The Abbot’s Bridge,” which seem
intended to form an occasional foot-bridge, by means of planks laid from
buttress to buttress, through which there are passages, the greatest
distance being about 24 feet.

There are many other vestiges of ancient structures to which the
antiquary, and others, will attach considerable interest.  Exclusive of
those appropriated to divine worship, are the following: The Shirehall, a
modern erection in the churchyard, comprising two convenient courts for
the trial of civil and criminal causes.  The Guildhall is for the town
court of sessions, and the transaction of the general business of the
borough; petty sessions are held here every Thursday.  It is vested in
the trustees of the Guildhall feoffment, by whom it is kept in repair: it
has an ancient porch, and some portraits of local worthies.  The County
Gaol, which serves also for the borough and the liberty of St. Edmund, is
an extensive building at Southgate Green, on the London road; it was
erected in 1803 at an expense of £30,000, and is calculated to contain
140 prisoners, with a separate bed for each.  The Police Station is a
fine specimen of a Norman house; the age of its erection is obvious from
its general appearance and circular windows.  The Theatre, a neat
structure in Westgate Street, was opened for dramatic performances in
October, 1819.  The Subscription Rooms, on the south side of Angel hill,
comprise ball, billiard, and reading rooms, and were completed in 1804,
at an expense of about £5,000.  There is an exceeding good public library
at the Guildhall, which contains many valuable books.  The Botanic
Garden, the entrance to which is under that magnificent remain, the Abbey
Gate, is an important acquisition to this branch of scientific study; it
was established in 1820, and is under the superintendence of N. S.
Hodson, Esq.  The Suffolk Hospital is a handsome structure in an open and
healthful situation; it has been repaired and enlarged by adding
considerably to the wings.



CLERGY, GENTRY, &c.


Adams, Mrs. Elizabeth, Guildhall street
Andrews, Mr. Peter, Risbygate street
Barton, Mr. John, College street
Barton, Miss Mary Ann, Hatter street
Beard, Charles, Esq., Risbygate street
Bedford, Rev. William, Northgate street
Bevan, James J., Northgate house, Northgate street
Beales, Mr. William, Low Baxter street
Blyth, Mr. James, Churchgate street
Botwright, Mrs. Sophia, Angel hill
Bullock, Misses, Loomes lane
Bridgeman, Thomas, Esq., Risbygate street
Chapman, Mr. William, St. Andrew’s street
Chapman, Mr. John, Well street
Clodd, Mrs. Louisa, Northgate street
Collett, Mrs. Harriet, Angel hill
Cook, Mr. James, Union terrace
Cook, Mr. Benjamin, Salem cottage, Cemetery road
Cooper, Thomas White, Esq.
Crosbie, John, Esq., Crown street
Daubeny, Mrs. Elizabeth, Angel hill
Denton, Thomas, Esq., Churchgate street
Denny, Mrs. Mary Ann, Crown street
Dotton, William, Esq., Northgate street
Edwards, John, Risbygate street
Filby, Miss Matilda, Honey hill
Filby, Miss Mary, Union terrace
Flint, Mrs. Ann, Brentgovel street
Forte, Miss Caroline, Guildhall street
Gedge, Johnson, Esq., Northgate street
Gilly, Mrs. Jane C. M., Northgate street
Girling, Mr. Thomas, Garland street.
Gray, Mrs. Maria, Northgate street
Goodchild, Mr. Edward, Risbygate street
Green, Edward, Westgate street
Hare, the Rev. C. J. P., Crown street
Harvey, Mr. Robert, Westgate road
Hibble, Mrs. Hannah, Union terrace
Hickman, Rev. Thomas G., chaplain to the Hospital and Union, h Westgate
street
Hine, Thomas, Esq., Loomes lane
Holworthy, Mrs. Sarah, Crown street
Hubbard, Capt. William, Northgate str.
Jones, Mrs. Maria, Union terrace
Lathbury, Miss Mary Ann, Angel hill
Lines, Mrs. Mary Ann, Garland street
Lock, Mrs. Sarah, Cemetery road
Lumley, Mrs. Elizabeth, Crown street
Matthew, Mrs. S., St. John’s terrace, Well street
Mc’Gregor, John, captain and adjutant of the West Suffolk Militia,
Southgate street
Miller, Mr. Dearson John, Garland street
Mitchell, Mrs. Eleanor, Angel hill
Motlock, Miss Gertrude, Crown street
Muskett, Jno, Esq., Abbey ruins, Churchyard
Moore, George, Esq., Northgate street
Nunn, Frederic, Westgate street
Oliver, Mrs. Elizabeth, 97, Risbygate street
Paine, Miss Hannah, Northgate street
Palfry, Mrs. Sophia, Cornhill
Pellew, Hon. and Rev. Edward, Northgate street
Potts, Mrs. Ann, Westgate street
Probart, Dr. Francis G., Westgate street
Pozey, Mrs. Margaret, St. John’s terrace, Wells street
Quitter, Mrs. P., Angel hill
Rayner, James, Risbygate street
Reeves, Mrs. Emma, Well street, St. John’s terrace
Ridley, Mrs. Mary, Northgate street
Rumbelow, Mr. John, Angel hill
Rushdall, Rev. Robert, St. John’s parsonage, St. John’s street
Sale, Mrs. Hannah, St. John’s terrace, Wells street
Shelford, Mrs. Emily F., St. Mary’s square
Sidebottom, Edward, Esq., 99, Risbygate street
Smith, the Misses Frances, Jane, and Ann, St. Mary’s square
Stutter, Mrs. Catherine Jane, St. John’s terrace, Well street
Sutton, Mrs. Hannah Maria, Union terrace
Sutton, Frederic, Esq., Westgate street
Symonds, Misses Eleanor and Elizabeth, 12, Brentgovel street
Walsham, Sir John, Court house, Honey hill
Wastell, Misses Fanny and Isabella, Northgate street
Walton, Mr. W., St. John’s terrace, Well street
Wells, Rev. E. C., St. Mary’s square
Weston, Miss Juliana, Honey hill
Williams, Mr. William, Union terrace
Wing, Mrs. Henry, Guildhall street
Worlledge, John, sen., Esq., Chevington
Wollaston, Col. Charles, Northgate street
Woods, Mrs. Harriet, Angel hill
Wratislaw, Rev. A., School hall, Northgate street
Wright, Miss Ann, Cemetery road



TRADES, PROFESSIONS, &c.


Abbott, Jane, milliner, Churchgate street
Abbott, Frederick, butcher, Angel hill
Allen, James, baker, Ramgate street
Allen, Daniel, St. Edmond’s Head, Cannon place
Allsop, George, shoeing smith, Tayphin road
Armstrong, William, printer, &c., Northgate street
Armes, Jonathan, King’s Arms inn, Brentgovel street
Armes, Lucy, straw bonnet maker, College street
Armstrong, Robert, boot and shoe maker, out Westgate
Backhouse, Henry, corn and hay dealer, Risbygate street
Backhouse, James, corn and seed merchant, Brentgovel street
Baker, Henry, baker, Whiting street
Baker, Joseph, baker, Westgate road
Baker, John, White Lion inn, Brentgovel street
Baker, Elizabeth, ladies’ boarding school, the Abbey, Angel hill
Baker, William, Three Tuns, Crown street
Baker, Thomas, the Castle inn, Cornhill
Balaam, Charles, the Grapes inn, Brentgovel street
Baldwin, James, shopkeeper, Cemetery road
Baldwin, James, the Bushel, St. John’s street
Balls, Thomas, Royal Oak, Tayphin road
Balls, John, fruiterer, Abbeygate street
Bilson, William, gunmaker and ornithologist, Abbeygate street
Banham, John, Three Crowns inn, Southgate street
Barely, Spencer, boot and shoe maker, Southgate street
Barker, Horace, publisher of the _Bury and Norwich Post_, Northgate
street
Barnard, Benjamin, blacksmith, Butts
Barnard, William, grocer, Whiting street
Barrell, Henry, baker, Northgate street
Barrell, Henry, baker, Risbygate street
Barrett, John, nurseryman, florist, &c., Cotton lane
Barton, John, Clerk of the Peace, Hatter street
Barton, Martha, milliner and dress-maker, Churchgate street
Barton, Robert, County Court Bailiff, Churchgate street
Barton, Frederick, bookbinder, Churchgate street
Battley, Maria, ladies’ day school, Westgate road
Baxter, Thomas, watch and clock maker, Hatter street
Baxter, Samuel, cutler, St. John’s street
Baxter, Mrs. Eliza, grocer and tea dealer, Angel hill
Baxter, William, cork manufacturer, Whiting street
Bear, Thomas M., iron and brass founder, shops Cornhill; h Well street
Beckford, Bevan, Esq., banker, Guildhall street
Bedells, Samuel C., grocer and tea dealer, Cornhill
Bellmam, William, shopkeeper, St. John’s street
Betts, Samuel, butcher, Churchgate street
Betts, E., confectioner, St. John’s street
Bethel, Emma, milliner and dressmaker, Churchgate street
Biggs, Isabella, stay maker, Meat market
Biles, George, watch and clock maker, Churchgate street
Bird, Ann, shopkeeper, St. John’s street
Bird, Thomas, grocer and tea dealer, Southgate street
Bishop, John, Saracen’s Head, Guildhall street
Blake, George H., Esq., High Bailiff of County Court, out Eastgate street
Boby, Robert, ironmonger, Cornhill
Bowles and Rushbrook, whitesmiths and shoeingsmiths, St. Andrew’s street
Brabrook, James, basket and sieve maker, Risbygate street
Brabrook, James, brazier, St. John’s street
Brabrook, William, Blackbirds, Bridewell lane
Braddock, Henry, brewer and maltster, Southgate street
Bradbury, John, cabinet maker, Risbygate street
Brame, John, pork shop, Low Baxter street
Brett, John, currier, Churchgate street
Brewster, John, grocer, Southgate street
Brewster, John, builder, Southgate street
Brewster, Robert, baker and general shopkeeper, Westgate road
Branch, Mary, fancy repository, Abbeygate street
Bridges and Son, coach builders, Sparhawk street
Bridge, Benjamin, grocer, Southgate str.
Bridgman, John, Angel family and commercial hotel, Angel hill
Britton, John, boot and shoe maker, St. John’s street
Brook, Henry W., corn chandler, Southgate street
Brooke, William L., solicitor, Risbygate street
Brown, Caroline E., milliner, Abbeygate street
Brown, Susan, day school, Churchgate street
Brown, Frederick E., boot and shoe maker, Abbeygate street
Brown, Henry, Beehive, College street
Bruce, Susan, Plough, Southgate street
Bryant, John, cutler, &c., Traverse
Buckle, James, Wheat Sheaf, Cemetery road
Bull, Benjamin, builder, Church road
Bullock, Walter, shopkeeper, Mustow street
Bullock, R. W., ginger-beer manufacturer, Northgate street
Bullens, T. G., upholsterer, auctioneer, house agent, and agent to the
Pelican and Phœnix Fire Offices, Market hill
Burroughes, Robert, Fox inn, Eastgate street
Burroughes, Charles, boarding and day school for young gentlemen, Mustow
street
Byford, Elizabeth, dress and stay maker, Guildhall street
Cambridge, John, jun., solicitor, offices Brentgovel street; h Risbygate
street
Cann, Honoria, shopkeeper, Garland str.
Caney, Richard, fruiterer, Traverse
Caney, Richard, fruiterer, Cornhill
Carter, W., grocer and tea dealer, Hatter street
Carter, William Henry, tobacconist and hair dresser, St. John’s street
Carliell, Charles, builder, Crown street
Carver, Daniel, Bull inn, Angel hill
Cooper, Isaac, corn and seed merchant, St. John’s street
Catton, Charles, broker, St. John’s street
Cattermole, Martha, dress maker, Risbygate street
Cattermole, Emma, straw bonnet maker, Risbygate street
Challis, Thomas, painter, plumber, and glazier, Westgate road
Chapman, Thomas, carpenter, St. John’s street
Chapman, W. and S., clothiers, Butter market
Childs, George, grocer and clothier, Guildhall street
Childs, Joseph, whitesmith, bell hanger, and gas fitter, Churchgate
street
Childs, Maria, milliner and fancy worker, Churchgate street
Clark, the Misses, day and boarding school, Guildhall street
Clark, Frederick, King’s Head inn, Brentgovel street
Clark, Henry, watchmaker, Southgate street
Clark, George, tailor and draper, Cornhill
Clark, Frederick, wine and spirit stores, St. John’s street
Clark, James W., tax collector, Whiting street
Clarke, John, tailor and draper, Crown street
Clarke, G. and R., coach builders, Crown street
Clarke, Alexander, shopkeeper, Cannon place
Clarke, James, fishmonger, poulterer, and dealer in game, Abbeygate
street
Clarke, Alfred M., hairdresser, Abbeygate street
Clarke, William, boot and shoe maker, Cornhill
Clarke, Isaac, butcher, St. Andrew’s str.
Clarke, John, brewer and maltster, Risbygate street
Clayton, Eld Edmund, linen draper, &c., shop Butter market; h Guildhall
street
Clements, Samuel, Six Bells commercial and family hotel, Chequers’ square
Cocksedge, Sarah Ann, Queen’s Head, Churchgate street
Cocksedge, William, Sedgman house, Tayphin road
Coe, Jane, dressmaker, Westgate road
Coe, Thomas, surgeon, Guildhall street
Coe, John, plumber, glazier, and painter, Guildhall street
Coe, William, painter, plumber, and glazier, Low Baxter street
Coe, Walter, veterinary surgeon, St. Andrew’s street
Collins, Robert, Stag and Dog, College street
Cooper, William, surgeon, Guildhall street
Cooper, John, boot and shoe maker, Brentgovel street
Cooke, John, hat manufacturer, Abbeygate street
Cook, James, net maker, Northgate street
Cook, John, miller, Southgate street
Copping, Robert H., plumber, &c., Whiting street
Cornish and Sons, iron and brass founders, engineers, and machine makers,
Whiting street
Cornish, Simeon, Woolpack inn, Cornhill
Cotton, Richard, veterinary surgeon, St. Andrew’s street, north
Collins, Thomas, Clerk of County Court, Angel hill
Crane, William, coach builder, Mustow street
Crane, Francis, Coachmakers’ Arms, Raingate street
Craske, Charlotte, hosiery warehouse, Butter market
Crassweller, William E., chemist, druggist, and dentist, Abbeygate street
Cremer, John, clothier, Northgate street
Crick, James, butcher, St. John’s street
Crick, Robert, blacksmith and broker, Southgate street
Croft, John, surveyor and land agent, Hatter street
Crowe, Elizabeth E., milliner and dress maker, Brentgovel street
Cullem, John, Fox and Hounds, and shopkeeper, Brackland
Curry, Frederick, boot and shoe maker, Well street
Dallison, William, boot and shoe maker, High Baxter street
Dalton, J. H., Three Goats Head, Guildhall street
Dalton, Rowland, surgeon, Whiting street
Dalton, John, surgeon and apothecary, Whiting street
Darken, George, stonemason, Westgate road
Day, Robert, grocer, Southgate street
Death, Daniel, baker, Southgate street
Death, Fanny, ladies’ day and boarding school, Angel hill
Death, Henry, baker, St. John’s street
Deasley, John, Ten Bells, Whiting street
Devereux, Richard, trunk manufacturer, Cemetery road
Devereux, Charlotte, shopkeeper, Risbygate street
De Carle, Benjamin, stone and marble mason, Sparhawk street
Denovan, John, grocer, tea and coffee dealer, Abbeygate street
Doe, John, furniture broker, Angel hill
Dooley, Sophia, Jolly Waggoner, Mustow street
Downs, Jane, general dealer, Butter market
Downs, John, clothier, Westgate street
Drake, Robert, Seven Stars, Long Brackland
Dudley, William, architect and surveyor, Cemetery road
Dyball, John, boot and shoe maker, Butter market
Edgar, Robert, travelling tea dealer and draper, Hospital road
Ellis, Thomas, pork butcher, Brentgovel street
Ellis, George, Coach and Horses, School Hall street
Ellis, John, linen draper, Guildhall street
Earl, Samuel, plasterer, Guildhall street
Elven, Cornelius, jun., coal merchant, Whiting street
Elven, Rev., Cornelius, Baptist minister, Whiting street
Emanuels, Money, tobacconist, Churchgate street
Emerson, James and Son, builders and stonemasons, Well street
English, Mary Ann, news agent, St. John’s street
Everard, John P., wool merchant and tanner, Southgate street
Everard, Lucy, Suffolk commercial hotel, Butter market
Fake, John, the Dragon, Cemetery road
Fake, Thomas, builder, Loomes lane
Falkerd, Samuel, hairdresser and dealer in clothes, Guildhall street
Farrow, Thomas, builder, Churchyard
Farrow, Thomas, stonemason and builder, Westgate street
Fenton, Reuben, broker and auctioneer, Meat Market
Fergusson, Robert, manager of the National Provincial Bank of England;
and Henry James Graves, accountant
Fenton, George, general broker, Market hill
Fitch, John B., grocer, Cornhill
Fletcher, Frederick, grocer and tea dealer, Risbygate street
Flynn, William, draper and tea dealer, Risbygate street
Footer, William, builder, Sparhawk street
Freelove, William, grocer, Guildhall str.
Frewer and Son, plumbers, glaziers, and painters, Chequers square
Frost, Henry, builder, &c., College str.
Frost, Thomas, shopkeeper, Mill lane
Frost, John, leather currier, &c., Crown street
Fuller, William, printer, bookseller, &c., Butter Market
Galley, William, watch and clock maker, St. John’s street
Gallant, Thomas, glover, &c., Southgate street
Garwood, Thomas, Railway hotel, Northgate street
Garrod, George, watchmaker, Westgate street
Gardener, Henry, Half-Moon commercial inn, 28, Butter Market
Gedge, Johnson, proprietor of _Bury Post_, Hatter street
Gibbs, William, confectioner, Cornhill
Gilmour, Francis, Rose and Crown, Westgate street
Green, John F., solicitor, Abbey Ruins
Green, Jonathan, Three Bulls, Meat Market
Greene, Edward, Westgate brewery, Westgate street
Grayson, Matthew, seed merchant, Cornhill
Grayston, Eliza, glass and china warehouse, Butter Market
Graves, Eliza, straw hat and dressmaker, Westgate street
Graves, Robert, tailor and woollen draper, Abbeygate street
Grange, William, baker, Guildhall street
Gross, William, chemist, Chequers square
Gowing, Ellis S., commercial traveller, Lower Baxter street
Goodwin, James, boot and shoe maker, Eastgate street
Goodrich, Joseph, saddle and harness maker, Abbeygate street
Godbald, S. A., ladies’ day school, Brentgovel street
Godbold, Kezia, dressmaker, Brentgovel street
Goldsmith, Mary, butcher, Butter Market
Goldsmith, David, ironmonger, Market hill
Goff, Ezekiel, Star inn, Mustow street
Golder, Simon, builder, Cemetery road
Goodwin, George, plumber and glazier, Northgate street
Glover, John, cabinet turner and screw cutter, Loomes lane
Glew, Ann, jeweller and silversmith, Abbeygate street
Gissing, Patience, baker, Angel hill
Gurney, Frederic, boot and shoe maker, Guildhall street
Hadfield, Frederic, chemist and druggist, Abbeygate street
Hagreen, the Misses, school, Guildhall street
Haggitt, Henry, Esq., farmer, St. Mary’s square
Hales, John, saddle and harness maker, Eastgate street
Hammant, Thomas, St. John’s terrace, Well street
Hardwick, John E., medical botanist, Market hill
Hardy, William, coach builder, Brentgovel street
Hardy, Julia and Ellen, Berlin and fancy repository, Butter market
Harris, Henry, Dolphin, Cannon place
Harris, John, nurseryman, St. Andrew’s street
Harrison, Robert, millwright, Westgate road
Harrald, William B., basket and sieve maker, Whiting street
Harrald, William, butcher, St. Andrew’s street north, and St. John’s
street
Harrald, Samuel, general warehouseman, Hospital road
Harrington, Philip, organist, Northgate street
Hartley, Robert, marine store dealer, Long Brackland
Hart, Alfred, brazier, &c., Prospect place
Harvey and Hudson, branch hank, Abbeygate street
Harvey, Rant, draper, Abbeygate street
Hayhoe and Son, plumbers, glaziers, and painters, Whiting street
Hayles, William, shopkeeper, St. John’s street
Hayward, Samuel, goods delivery for the E. C. R. company, Risbygate
street
Head, Henry W., boot and shoe maker and naturalist, Abbeygate street
Head, Hannah, butcher, Northgate street
Head, Richard, boot and shoe maker, Hatter street
Hempstead, James, house agent, Union terrace
Herd, John, the Marquis Arms, Union terrace
Hicks, Alexander, dyer, Low Baxter str.
Hinnell, George F., surgeon, Risbygate street
Hinnell, Charles, solicitor, Risbygate str.
Hinnell, Thomas, chemist and druggist, Abbeygate street, h College street
Hirst, Joseph, tobacco manufacturer, Whiting street
Hodgson, Henry Rayner, ironmonger, Cornhill
Holden, James, Black Boy, Guildhall street
Holden, John, shopkeeper, Westgate road
Holden, Michael, ironmonger, &c., Hatter street
Holmes, John, dyer, St. John’s street
Hopkins, Thomas, painter, Guildhall str.
Houghton, William, boot and shoe maker, Abbeygate street
Howe, George, Swan inn, Northgate str.
Howe, Robert, corn merchant, Southgate street
Howchin, Robert, coachmaker, Mustow street
Hay, James, hosier and silk mercer, Abbeygate street
Hubbard and Son, surgeons, Crown street
Hunter, Arthur, upholsterer, Abbeygate street
Hunter, John, wine, spirit, vinegar, and porter merchant, Abbeygate
street
Huscroft, John, news agent, St. John’s street
Ion, John W., solicitor, Hatter street, h Risbygate street
Image, William Edward, surgeon, Honey hill
Jackson, John, solicitor, commissioner for taking affidavits in Chancery,
and clerk to the Guildhall feoffment, Hatter str.
Jackson, Thomas, bricklayer, Cemetery rd.
Jackson and Frost, booksellers, stationers, bookbinders, printers, and
agents to the Sun Fire and Life office, Angel hill
Jacob, Harriet, milliner and straw bonnet maker, Hatter street
James, Henry, boot and shoe maker, Westgate road
Jarman, Isaac, butcher, Southgate street
Jay, Maria Eliza, ladies’ boarding school, Southgate street
Jennings, Benjamin, wine and spirit merchant, 20, Meat market
Jennings, Benjamin, corn merchant, Corn hill
Jennings, Robert, agent to the Norwich Union Fire and Life Insurance
Societies, and manure merchant, St. John’s terrace, Well street
Johnson, John, architect and surveyor, agent to the Lancashire Life and
Fire office, Whiting street
Johnson, Charles, toy dealer, Cornhill
Johnson, William, Three Horse Shoes, Northgate street
Jones, C. W., classical and commercial school, hon. sec. to the Athenæum,
Angel hill
Jones and Co., dyers, Abbeygate street
Jordan, Elizabeth, pork butcher, Churchgate street
Kemp, Robert Day, turner, St. John’s street
Kemp, Charles, shopkeeper and baker, Union terrace
Kemp, James, Frederic of Prussia, Southgate street
Kidson, Robert, tailor and hatter, Abbeygate street
Kilner, John, surgeon, &c., Guildhall street
King, Frederic W., wine and spirit merchant, St. Mary’s square
King, Henry William, builder, Loomes lane
King, Henry, general warehouseman, Butter market
Kirkham, Thomas, chemist and dentist, 34, Butter market
Lamb, Samuel, tobacconist, Abbeygate street
Last, William B., watchmaker, jeweller, engraver, and fancy repository,
Abbeygate street
Last, Henry, Sword in Hand, Southgate street
Last, William N., watch and clock maker, Whiting street
Last, Robert, Cross Keys, Church row
Last, Ann, and Ward Elizabeth, general shopkeepers, Northgate street
Lowes, William, ironmonger, Sparhawk street
Leonard, Barnard, Lamb and Flag, St. John’s street
Lee, James, timber merchant, Risbygate street
Leech, Mary, haberdasher, Hatter street
Leech, Charles Denton, solicitor and agent to the Essex and Suffolk Fire
office, Crown street
Le Grice, Henry, solicitor, Market hill
Lease, Edward, banker’s clerk, St. John’s street
Locke, William, hop warehouse, Risbygate street, h Shimpling
Lock, Michael, confectioner and grocer, St. John’s street
Lock, Alfred, confectioner, Guildhall street
Lock, John, confectioner, College street
Lofts, Thirza, the Cricketers, Cemetery road
Lofts, John, painter, plumber, and glazier, Angel hill
Lankaster, Frederic, bookseller, stationer, &c., Abbeygate street
Lord, William, nursery and seedsman, Northgate street
Lumner, Lincoln, grocer and eating house, Brentgovel street
Lummes, Sarah, milliner and dressmaker, Bridewell lane
Limmer, James, miller, Cemetery road
Lucas, James, corn chandler, Guildhall street
Lucher, Mary Ann, staymaker, Whiting street
Madder, James, tailor and woollen draper, Hatter street
Maderson, Emma, milliner and dressmaker, Whiting street
Mann, W. and E., soap and tallow chandlers, Churchgate street
Mann, William, auctioneer, Hogg lane
Mann, William and Edgar, soap and tallow works, 27, Churchgate street
Manning, William, baker, Cemetery road
Major, William, glass and earthenware dealer, and basket maker, the
Traverse
Major, Josiah, tailor and draper, Abbeygate street
Matthews, Joseph, clothier and outfitter, corner of St. John’s street
Mayhew, Mary Ann, George inn, Westgate road
Mayes, Abraham, shoemaker, St. John’s street
Mead, Samuel, painter, plumber, and glazier, Hatter street
Meekins, David, China and glass warehouse, Butter market
Mc’Lerath, Hannah, maltster and liquor merchant, Guildhall street
Middleditch, John, cork manufacturer, the Traverse
Middleditch, Alfred, boot and shoemaker, Guildhall street
Middleditch, James, tailor, &c., High Baxter street
Middleditch, Mary, Hare and Hounds, Risbygate street
Miller, Robert, boot and shoe maker, St. John’s street
Miller, Harriet, fruiterer, Westgate street
Miller, William, saddle and harness maker, and commission agent for the
sale of carriages, Angel hill
Mingay, John, chimney sweeper, Long Brackland
Mountain, Robert, fishmonger, Abbeygate street
Moore, Robert, whitesmith, Cotton lane
Morris, John, pork butcher, Garland str.
Mortlock, John, general dealer, St. John’s street
Mower, Samuel, Griffin inn, Cornhill
Neale, Elizabeth, staymaker, Hatter str.
Newby, Robert, Globe, School Hall str.
Newdick, Elizabeth S., staymaker, Whiting street
Newdwick, Charlotte, bonnet maker, Whiting street
Newell, James, Spread Eagle, Westgate road
Newham, Samuel, surgeon, Low Baxter street
Newman, William, silk mercer, laceman, and importer of French millinery,
&c., Butter market
Newson, Henry, postmaster, Butter market
Nice, Robert, Masons’ Arms, Whiting st.
Nice, William, clothier, Butter market
Nice, George, hairdresser and fancy repository, Abbeygate street
Norfolk, Caroline, register office, Cornhill
Norfolk, Thomas, game marker, Cornhill
Norfolk, James, tailor, &c., Guildhall str.
Norman, Benjamin, shopkeeper, College street
Norman, Benjamin, brush manufacturer, Churchgate street
Nunn, Hinnell and Skepper, chemists, Abbeygate street
Nunn, James, tailor and hatter, Risbygate street
Nunn, Walter J., hosier, glover, and shirt maker, Abbeygate street
Nunn, Elizabeth, furrier, &c., Guildhall street
Nunn, Edmund, clerk to Gas Works, Guildhall street
Nunn, Frederic, butcher, Risbygate street
Nunn, Robert, music master, Abbey ruins
Oglesby, Samuel, photographic artist, Churchgate street
Oliver, George J., grocer and tea dealer, Abbeygate street
Oliver, John, grocer and tea dealer, Risbygate street
Orsben, George, tobacconist, St. John’s street
Owers, Robert, marine store dealer, St. John’s street
Owles, Thomas, druggist, Cornhill
Outlaw, Thomas, Rising Sun inn, Risbygate street
Pace, John, watch and clock maker, jeweller, &c., Abbeygate street
Page, George, shopkeeper, Cemetery road
Palmer, Thomas, painter, &c., Cemetery road
Parker, Benjamin, draper, Butter market
Parker, Robert, painter, Chequers square
Parson, William, grocer and tea-dealer, Southgate street
Partridge, Henry, saddle and harness maker, Cornhill
Partridge, the Misses, ladies’ boarding and day school, Angel hill
Partridge, Sophia, saddler, Southgate street
Pashley, George, baker, Guildhall street
Pattle, Thomas, grocer and tea-dealer, the Traverse
Pawsey, Robert, carpenter, &c., High Baxter street
Pawsey, Robert, baker, Churchgate street
Pearce, Sophia, milliner, &c., Meat market
Pearson, George W., builder, Brentgovel street
Pechey, Jabez, leather seller, Cornhill
Pechey, Robert, printer and bookbinder, St. John’s street
Pechey, Elisha, gas fitter and metal dealer, St. John’s street
Peck, Alfred, boot and shoe maker, Mustow street
Peckham, John, rope and sack maker, St. John’s street
Pendred, Samuel, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Risbygate street
Pendred, James, cabinet maker and upholsterer, Market hill
Perfect, Epton, White Hart inn, Southgate street
Pettit, John, cabinetmaker, Churchgate street
Pettit, Edward, carpenter, Whiting street
Place, Maria, linen draper, Churchgate street
Place, William, grocer and tea-dealer, Churchgate street
Plumpton, William, draper and silk mercer, Butter market
Portway, John, pharmaceutical chemist, Abbeygate street
Prigg, Henry, tailor and woollen draper, Abbeygate street
Prigg, John, boot and shoe maker, Whiting street
Pritty, Thomas, ironmonger and iron-founder, Abbeygate street
Pryer, Jane, servants’ register office Hatter street
Pryke, John, baker, Brentgovel street
Pyman, Jonathan, grocer, tea dealer, and tallow chandler, Guildhall
street
Rae, John, tea dealer, Whiting street
Rouse, David, tailor, &c., Churchgate street
Ranson, Frederick, grocer, &c., Whiting street
Ranson, Mary, Anchor, Northgate street
Ranson, Charles, shopkeeper, Long Brackland
Ray, William, watch and clock maker, Brentgovel street
Reach, William, Odd Fellows’ Arms, College street
Reach, Thomas, saddle and harness maker, Cornhill
Reach, John, sausage maker, Southgate street
Reach, Wm., jun., shopkeeper, Brentgovel street
Reach, Sarah, shopkeeper, Northgate street
Reed, Henry, builder, stone and marble mason, Northgate street
Reeve, John, music seller, Angel hill
Reeve, Sarah, baby linen warehouse, Angel hill
Reeve, Robert, Waggon inn, Risbygate street
Reffell, Elizabeth, pipe manufacturer, High Baxter street
Richardson and Bonfellow, linen drapers, Butter market
Richardson, George W., woollen draper, 26, Butter market
Ridley, George, soap and candle maker, Low Baxter street; h 16,
Brentgovel street
Ridley, John, coal and iron merchant, and tanner, Northgate street
Ridley, Frederick, currier and leather cutter, St. Andrew’s street
Ridley, Thomas, grocer, tea dealer, oil and colorman, Abbeygate street
Risbrock, William, the Dog and Partridge, Crown street
Robinson, Frederick, bread and biscuit baker, Crown street
Robinson, John, shopkeeper, Cemetery road
Robinson, Charles, mail contractor, Risbygate street
Robinson, John, bookseller, printer, bookbinder, and stationer, Market
hill
Robinson, William, baker, College street
Rutter, George, butcher, Guildhall street
Rutter, Alfred, confectioner, Cornhill
Rudland, Henry, Three Kings’ inn, Cornhill
Salmon, William, tailor and draper, Abbeygate street
Salmon, William, solicitor and town clerk, secretary to the gas company,
clerk to the lieutenancy of Suffolk, Guildhall street
Saunders, William, boot and shoe maker, Guildhall street
Savage, Charles, retailer of beer and porter, Meat market
Sawyer, James, butcher, Churchgate street
Scholes, John, hat manufacturer, Butter market
Scholes, Mary Ann, milliner, &c., St. John’s street
Scott, Stephen, bootmaker, Abbeygate street
Scott, George, surgeon dentist, Whiting street
Scotchmer, David, furniture broker, &c., Risbygate street
Scrivener, Frederick, photographic artist, Well street
Seargent, James, cork manufacturer, the Traverse
Seakens, James, cooper, Risbygate street
Seaden, Elizabeth, milliner and dressmaker, Brentgovel street
Sexton, William W., dyer, Churchyard
Sexton, William W., tobacconist and tea dealer, Abbeygate street
Sewell, Robert, Marquis Cornwallis, St. John’s street
Shittelo, James, butcher, the Traverse
Simper, Sarah, dressmaker, Westgate street
Simkin, brush manufacturer, Guildhall street
Simmonds, Jonathan, shoeing smith, St. Andrew’s street north
Simper, Robert, cabinet maker, Guildhall street
Smith Charles, surgeon, Guildhall street
Smith, Joseph, town crier, St. John’s street
Smith, W. H. and Son, patten and clog manufacturers, American overshoe
importers, Birmingham and Sheffield warehouse, wholesale hosiers,
haberdashers, and general warehousemen, 24, Butter market
Smith and Son, machine makers, Westgate road
Smith, William, upholsterer, Low Baxter street
Smith, John, Chequers inn, Risbygate street
Smith, Sarah, muffin and crumpet maker, Brentgovel street
Snithyes, John, grocer and tea-dealer, Hatter street
Snell, James, confectioner, Hatter street
Southgate, William, hairdresser, Churchgate street
Sore, Samuel, cooper, Abbeygate street
Soar, John, hairdresser, Guildhall street
Spanton, William, plumber, glazier, painter, and paper hanger, Abbeygate
street
Sparke, James, tailor, Southgate street
Sparke, James, solicitor, clerk of the peace for the borough, clerk to
the Thurgoe union, and clerk to the commissioner of taxes for Thurgoe
hundred, Hatter street
Sparke, John, grocer, &c., Tayphin road
Sparkes, George, turner, Guildhall street
Spooner, John, soda water and ginger beer manufacturer, Eastgate street
Steel, John, family grocer and tea-dealer, and stamp office, Butter
market
Steele, William, boot and shoe maker, High Baxter street
Stebbing, John, fruiterer, the Traverse
Stebbing, John, baker, Northgate street
Steel, William, pawnbroker and clothier, Guildhall street
Stearn, William G., boot and shoe maker, Whiting street
Stebbings, Eliza, milliner and dress-maker, Churchgate street
Stebbings, Noel, painter and paper-hanger, Churchgate street
Stearn, George, sexton to St. James’, Churchgate street
Stiggles, Frederic, stone mason, Whiting street
Stow, Thomas, accountant, St. John’s terrace, Well street
Sturgeon, James, baker and confectioner, Guildhall street
Sturgeon, James, baker and confectioner, Westgate street
Stutter, Arthur, draper, Market hill
Suffolk Alliance Life and Fire Assurance office, Hatter street
Suttle, George, Golden Lion, Guildhall street
Syrett and Son, ironmongers, and hot-water apparatus manufacturers,
Whiting street
Tagliabue, Henry, tobacconist and general dealer, Whiting street
Taylor, Edwin, veterinary surgeon, Churchgate street
Taylor, Emily, ladies’ boarding school, Angel hill
Theobald, Frederic, grocer and green grocer, Brentgovel street
Theobald, Frederic, licensed to let horses for hire, Brentgovel street
Thompson, Thomas, brazier, &c., Cemetery road
Thompson, George, bookseller and stationer, Abbeygate street
Thompson, Robert, confectioner, Abbeygate street
Thompson, John, silversmith, China and glass warehouse, and Norwich Union
Life and Fire office, Market hill
Todd, George, house and ornamental painter, St. Andrew’s street north
Tolladay, Mary, straw bonnet maker, Butter market
Tolladay, Dallar, bootmaker, Abbeygate street and Butter market
Tolladay, Dallar, watch and clock maker, Northgate street
Tompson, William, whitesmith and brazier, Mustow street
Tozer, Charles F., corn merchant, Risbygate street
Townsend, William, Crown and Anchor, Prospect row
Trevetham, John, paving commissioner, Hospital road
Tricker, William, soda water and ginger beer manufacturer, St. Andrew’s
street
Turner, Martha, straw bonnet maker and milliner, Guildhall street
Vale, John, silversmith, Abbeygate street
Vismara, John, barometer maker, St. John’s street
Wade, Robert, coal merchant and builder, Brentgovel street
Walford, Frederic James, Six Bells hotel tap, Churchgate street
Watson, Miss Susan, Churchgate street
Watling, Sarah, dressmaker, Churchgate street
Watling, Richard, the Jolly Toper, Southgate street
Wallis, Benjamin, shopkeeper, St. John’s street
Warner, James, shopkeeper, Peas Porridge green
Warren, Abraham, baker, Risbygate str.
Waterfall, John, commercial traveller, St. Mary’s square
Watson, Robert, builder, Crown street
Watson, William, baker, Whiting street
Ward, John, paving rate collector and house agent, Risbygate street
Wayling, George, surgeon dentist, Whiting street
Weavers, Edward, shopkeeper, Westgate street
Webb and Co., tanners, curriers, and leather sellers, Whiting street
Welton, Charles, shoeing smith, High Baxter street
Welton, Amelia and Harriet, milliners and dress makers, Risbygate street
Wenn, William, baker, Southgate street
Weston, Robert John, watch and clock maker, Meat market
Westrup, Charlotte, biscuit baker and confectioner, Angel hill
Weston, John W., plumber, glazier, and painter, Butter market
Weston, Susannah, milliner, Brentgovel street
Whitaker, George R., rate and rent collector, Westgate road
Whiting, Elizabeth, broker, Angel hill
Wicks, William, Bell Hotel, Market hill
Wiggetts, William E., coffee and eating house, Risbygate street
Williams, William, horse breaker, Mustow street
Wilson, Samuel, baker, Cannon place
Wilson, Richard S., plumber, glazier, and painter, Whiting street
Wincup, Mary Ann, dressmaker, Brentgovel street
Wincup, Thomas, hair cutter, Cornhill
Wing, Frederic, solicitor, Hatter street
Winkup, Thomas, baker, Brentgovel str.
Winn, Samuel, tailor, Abbeygate street
Wodehouse, Charles, solicitor, notary, and registrar of the archdeaconry
of Sudbury and town of Bury St. Edmund’s, Churchgate street, h Whiting
street
Woolnough, Frederic D., baker, Churchgate street
Woollard, William, Joiners’ Arms, Garland street
Woodgate, Thomas, cooper, St. Andrew’s street
Worlledge and Co., bankers, Meat market
Wright, Reuben, carpenter, &c., Cemetery road
Wright, Caroline, baker, St. John’s street
Wright, Robert, brush maker, Market hill
Wright, William, cordwainer, Churchgate street
Wright, James, Two Brewers, Westgate street
Wright, Thomas, artist, Northgate street
Young, William, gunmaker, Market hill
Young, William, cabinet maker, &c., Northgate street
Youngman, Edward, chemist and druggist, Market hill
Youngman, Sophia A., baby linen ware house, Berlin wool and fancy
repository, 32, Butter market




***END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MELVILLE AND CO.'S DIRECTORY AND
GAZETTEER OF NORWICH, YARMOUTH, DEREHAM, SWAFFHAM ... [1856]***


******* This file should be named 62386-0.txt or 62386-0.zip *******


This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
http://www.gutenberg.org/dirs/6/2/3/8/62386


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org 

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary 
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

